i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on thursday at 
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 
the train needs to leave from 
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at 
no, just 
hi, i need a place to stay in the 
i would like a 
not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to 
not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 
departing from kings lynn on 
departing from 
yes, book for 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i am also looking for a restaurant serving 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from 
i will be traveling to 
i would like to arrive by 
yes but i need that to be booked for 
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a 
i would like a 
i would like a 4-star 
great can you book that for me from 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
i am looking for college attractions in the 
i am looking for 
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of 
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of christ's 
also want to find someplace to eat. want to be in the 
i was thinking more on the lines of 
could you check fr 
i will need it for three, at noon, on 
i will need it for three, 
how about at 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 
no, i don't. i just need free parking and 
yes, could you tell me about your 
hello, i'm looking for a gueshouse on the 
not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 
okay book it for 
okay book it for 2 people for 
find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by 
find me a train to 
is it on 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 4 people 4 nights starting 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 
i want to book a room at the 
i would like to book a hotel in cambridge. is there any availability at the 
yes. book it for 6 people and 4 nights from 
yes. book it for 
yes. book it for 6 people and 
i am also looking for a train to cambridge. i would like to leave 
ely. oh and i'll need to arrive by 
yes, for the same group of 
i want to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on 
i want to travel from 
i want to travel from cambridge to 
i want to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on thursday after 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 
there's nothing in the 
yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting 
yes please for 
yes please for 8 people, 
are there in hotels in the 
are there in hotels in the north with a 
can you search for one that is 
i need something in the 
are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the 
are there any 
are there any cheap 
can you book that for 
can you book that for 8 people for 
i need to find a train leaving 
i need to find a train leaving cambridge and going to 
i need to leave on friday and arrive by 
i need to leave on 
really makes no difference to me as long as its on the 
can you confirm if the 
i'd like to find a 
yes, i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the 
yes, i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
yes, i am looking for a 3 star 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 4 people for 
yes please, for 4 people for 
i will get there on 
i need a reference number for the 
thanks! i will need a taxi, too, please. i'd to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 
am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
great. can you tell me the postcode for 
i'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please. i'll need the taxi to get from the museum to 
you are the one that suggested 
hi, i have a business meeting and i'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city 
hi, i have a business meeting and i'm looking for an 
i'm sure 
can you search for 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 4 people at 
yes, please book a reservation at 
thank you. i also need info on a college to visit in the town 
hello, i'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the 
hello, i'm trying to find an 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 8 people at 
okay, please make a reservation at 
i also need info on a hotel called the 
i want to find some information about a hotel called 
do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from 
do they have reservations available for 
do they have reservations available for 6 people and 
i am looking for a mexican restaurant in 
i am looking for a 
i am needing a place to stay with a star of 
i need something 
either of those sounds great. there will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on 
either of those sounds great. there will be 
either of those sounds great. there will be 8 of us for 
darn. why don't we try booking it for 
i am looking for a 
the restaurant should be in the 
the restaurant should be in the south, and should serve 
how about 
i need a table for 4 at 19:30 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 4 at 
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
hm, maybe something 
yes, i would like it to start 
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 5 nights for 
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 5 nights for 
i also need a train heading to cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving kings lynn after 
i need a train to cambridge for 
i need a train to 
i need the train to leave after 9:30 from 
i need the train to leave after 
i am leaving at 
do you have anything leaving 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a chinese place, in the 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a chinese place, in the south, and on the 
i'm looking for information on a restaurant called 
i need to find a restaurant in the center of town. a place offering 
how about 
no, i would like to check out going to a 
i want to leave the 
i want to leave the riverboat georgina by 
the 
i would like some information on an attraction called 
could i get the phone number, postcode, and the area that the cost of 
okay great. i'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 
okay great. i'd also like to find a 
that would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from 
that would work, can you please book it for 
that would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 
i'm looking for a restaurant on the 
i'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves 
how about 
i need information on a place called 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
could you tell me now many star rating that has? is it in the 
internet doesn't matter to me. any guesthouse in the 
internet doesn't matter to me. any 
i want to find some information on 
yes please. for one person at 12:30 on 
yes please. for one person at 
yes please. for one person at 
do you have any serves 
how about 
i'm looking for lodgings on the 
either one is fine, but i would like it to have 
i need a guesthouse that includes free parking. i'm needing one in the 
i need a 
any one of the 
i will be alone. i need to arrive on 
can you book a taxi that picks me up at 
can you book a taxi that picks me up at club salsa at 
a cheap restaurant in the 
a 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the 
can you recommend me a 
can i have the address of the 
does 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'd like an 
i'd like an expensive 
i'm sorry, i made a mistake! i need for it to start on 
could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced 
could you tell me whether there are any 
yes could we try one that serves 
no the area doesn't matter. i'd like to book a table for 7 on 
no the area doesn't matter. i'd like to book a table for 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 4-star 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so yes book it for 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so 
i will be arrving on 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves 
can you help me find an 
is one of them located in 
no. i am also looking for a hotel. 
yes. i would like to stay starting 
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 
i need to find a 4 star hotel that has 
i need to find a 
yes i would like it to be on the 
yes a 
i'm looking for a museum in 
i'm looking for a 
can you give me the address and phone number of the free 
that will do thank you. i also need a restaurant in the 
yes. i need to book it for 
yes. i need to book it for saturday at 
yes. i need to book it for saturday at 
i am looking for an expensive priced 
i am looking for an 
that's alright. i'm also looking for a train booking too. i need to go to cambridge from 
that's alright. i'm also looking for a train booking too. i need to go to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 17:45 on 
please book this train for 
i'm in the 
i have no food preference, but i would prefer an 
yes. please book for 7 people on 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 7 people on thursday at 
i want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from 
i want a train that goes to 
i need the train to leave after 09:15 on 
i need the train to leave after 
yes please. get me 
are any of the 29 places, guest houses? i would actually prefer a 
can you help me find a train leaving cambridge, to arrive by 
can you help me find a train leaving 
i am going to 
actually, i need to go birmingham new street and will be traveling on 
actually, i need to go 
that is perfect. can you book 
i am also looking for a guesthouse in the 
i am also looking for a 
yes, please. i want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, please. i want to book it for the same group of people and 
how about 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the 
i don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 
i will be visiting cambridge and i need a list of the main attractions in the 
yes i am also looking for a 
yes i am also looking for a 2 star 
is it a 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from the junction to the 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from the junction to the ashley hotel. i would like to leave the attraction by 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i'd like a 
yes please. book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes please. book me a stay for 
yes please. book me a stay for 7 people and 
the 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i would like it to be in the 
no preference however i just need something for 13:45 on 
no preference however i just need something for 
12:4
i would love to get some information on the 
how often do trains depart 
how often do trains depart peterborough going to 
actually, i would like to book a train. it needs to arrive by 
actually, i would like to book a train. it needs to arrive by 20:
yes i would like to arrive by 
yes i would like to arrive by 20:
yes i would like to arrive by 20:30 in cambridge from 
yes i would like to arrive by 20:30 in 
i would like to depart on 
i apologize, i am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 
how about a moderately prices 
how about a 
i need some caribbean food in the 
i need some 
is there an italian restaurant in the 
is there an 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
can we do the 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 6 people at 
i would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. it must include free wifi. but i'm 
i would like a 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 
from 
it'll be very good if you can include 
can you direct me to a 
can you direct me to a catalan restaurant that is 
yes how about a moderate 
yes how about a 
no, but could you give me the phone number for 
i am also looking for a train going to 
i am also looking for a train going to bishops stortford that leaves after 
i need it for 
i need it for friday an i'm departing from 
i am looking for 
could you help me find a 
please one in the 
yes i am needing a table for 7 this 
yes i am needing a table for 
yes i am needing a table for 7 this monday at 
great. i am also looking for something to do on the 
i am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 
hi, i'd like to find someplace to go in the 
i also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves 
i also need to find an 
can you find me something expensive in the cambridge area that serves 
can you find me something 
sounds good! i need a table for 3 people at 19:45 on 
sounds good! i need a table for 
sounds good! i need a table for 3 people at 
i'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service 
i'm looking for a 
then, how about a place that serves 
yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? i'd like it to be on 
yes can you reserve me a table for 
yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? i'd like it to be on wednesday at 
i'm trying to find a hotel called 
great! yes please book it for 
great! yes please book it for 8 people and for 
i will be for 3 nights starting this 
i will be for 
also i need a train on sunday for 
also i need a train on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge and going to 
i'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. i want the train to leave after 
i'm looking for the hotel called 
perfect, thank you. can you recommend a mediterranean restaurant in the 
perfect, thank you. can you recommend a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 
i need a train that leaves cambridge on 
i need a train that leaves 
i am going to the stansted airport and i need to arrive by 
i am going to the 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on thursday, and i need to depart from 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the 
can i please have one at 19:40. i will get there by 
can i please have one at 
i'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called 
hi. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
can i have a 
i need a train that goes to cambridge and departs from 
i need a train that goes to 
i leave on tuesday and need to arrive by 
i leave on 
no but i also need a place to stay that should be in the 
book it for 8 people and 4 nights. we will be checking in on 
book it for 
book it for 8 people and 
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at kings lynn by 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at kings lynn by 8 p.m. 
i'm coming from 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
okay let's look for a moderately priced 
okay let's look for a 
okay, then let's go back to my first choice, african cuisine. you mentioned the 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
i'm looking for a 
i'm sorry. can you check the 
sure, are there any moderately priced italain restaurants in the 
sure, are there any moderately priced 
sure, are there any 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 8 on 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 8 on friday for 
it will be late at night around 
i will be in the 
what do you have in 
that sounds amazing! i also want to go to a 
i would like to book a reservation at the 
i alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in 
i would like the 
i need it for 3 days for 
i need it for 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves 
okay. that's fine. can you find me one that serves 
i don't care. i just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on 
i don't care. i just need a table for 
i need to find a restaurant in the 
i need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 6 people at 
i'm looking for a train going to norwhich from 
i would like to leave on 
there are 
there are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on 
there are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 
thank you so much. we also need a 
find me a moderately priced place to dine in the 
find me a 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 7 people at 13:15 on 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 7 people at 
how about the 
i also need a train to cambridge on 
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train from 
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train from cambridge. i'm going to 
i am leaving anytime after 11:30 from 
i am leaving anytime after 11:30 from cambridge to 
i am leaving anytime after 
i am looking for a gastropub in the 
i am looking for a 
it's a special occasion, so let's go with something 
for 5, at 17:15 on 
for 
for 5, at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
how about one that serves 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 2 on 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 2 on thursday at 
i want a place to stay in cambridge the is 
i need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the 
i want one in the moderate priced range. what is the price range of 
i want one in the 
what is the address for 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
how interesting that there's no entertainment in the 
how interesting that there's no entertainment in the centre of cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a 
i actually want a hotel with 
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from 
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from monday for 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from monday for 6 people. please let me k
i need a train that arrives by 
i need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from 
i'm leaving on 
does it go to 
that's great. can you make a booking for me for 
thanks. now please help me find a 
thanks. now please help me find a moderate 
okay. can you book that for me? it will be 
i will be staying for 3 nights starting 
i will be staying for 
i'm planning a trip to 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to london kings cross. i would like my train to arrive by 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to london kings cross. i would like my train to arrive by 09:15 and leave on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to 
yes please book a round trip ticket for 
i need a 
it does not matter but i would like it to have a star rating of 
what about a 
i need a place to stay. it needs to be a 
price does not matter. i want something on the 
yes, please book for 4 nights on 
yes, please book for 4 nights on thursday for 
yes, please book for 
great! yes, i also need to find an 
is there one that happens to serve 
how about one that serves food from the 
are there any expensive restaurant that serves 
are there any 
could you double check for 
what are the 
yes please book that for one person on 
yes please book that for one person on thursday at 
yes please book that for one person on thursday at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for an 
no. but i need a train going to 
i am departing from cambridge on monday and i need to arrive to ely by 
i am departing from cambridge on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge on monday and i need to arrive to 
you choose one please. i need it for 
i am going to 
i will be leaving from london liverpool street going to cambridge on 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from london liverpool street going to 
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the 
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive 
thanks! now can you help me find an 
i'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for 
i am looking for a train to 
i am looking for a train to cambridge, the train should depart after 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on saturday from 
i need to leave on saturday from london kings cross. is there a train leaving after 
can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on 
can you book autumn house for 
can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 
can you book 
hi, i could sure use some help with my planning. i am looking for a particular 
the name of the place is called 
yes, i'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, i'd like to book for 
i am also looking for some attractions in the 
hmmm. 
i am looking for a 
great, i'd like to book at room at the 
yes i'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 
i'm actually looking for a 
sure, let's try a 
i would actually like a 
i would actually like a 4 star 
is the 
is the university arms a 
is the university arms a 4 star 
please book it for 8 people starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 8 people starting monday for 
ok, can we try 
i would like to know the names of some good local restaurants. could you tell me where to find a train? the train should arrive by 
i'm going to 
i'm actually departing from 
i'm actually departing from cambridge and going to 
that sounds perfect, please book 
i'm also looking for a 
i need to book a place to stay with a star of 
i don't care about location, just would like a 
i don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 
can i book one on 
i would also need to book it for 
one person, and i'd like to arrive on 
i now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. i would like to leave the hotel by 
are there any cheap restaurants in the 
are there any 
please give me the address and phone number for 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train that leaves on 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train that leaves on saturday from 
i need something that arrives by 
that sounds good, can you book for 
i would like 
is there anything more moderately priced available by way of 
is there anything more 
how about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
how about a restaurant in the 
can you tell me some 
i'm looking on the 
ok, how about a museum in the 
ok, how about a 
i am looking for a restaurant called the 
i need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on 
i need reservations for 
i need reservations for 2 people at 
hi! i need a train to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on wednesday from 
i will be traveling on wednesday from cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the 
need one in the 
need one in the east and have 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 8 people at 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 
yes it's called 
yes, please. book that one, 
yes, please. book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 
i need a 3 star hotel in the cambridge 
i need a 
i need a 3 star 
not sure yet. is it 
not sure yet. is it expensive? i only like to stay in expensive 
sounds good. i need it for 8, 2 nights 
sounds good. i need it for 
sounds good. i need it for 8, 
i was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the 
no, but maybe there is something in the type of 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
yes, i'd like to eat in the 
could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the 
i'd like it to be 
i would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 
i'm looking for information about a restaurant named the 
could you book me a table for 5 on 
could you book me a table for 
could you book me a table for 5 on saturday at 
i need a train to arrive by 
i need a train to arrive by 12:15 on 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. i need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. i need a ticket that leaves on 
i am leaving 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to 
yes i would also like to find a place to dine that serves italian food and should be in the 
yes i would also like to find a place to dine that serves 
it should be in the 
i'm looking for some boats in the 
i'm looking for some 
ok, thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant called 
yes, please. for 5 people at 14:00 on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 5 people at 
i could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 
i could actually do a 
yes i need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
yes i need it booked for 
yes i need it booked for 8 people for 
hello. i am looking for a 
in the 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting thursday for 
is the 
is the gonville a good quality 
i want a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want a 
i need some information on a train going to 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i have to leave 
i have to leave cambridge after 
i would like to find a restaurant in the 
i'm interested in an 
i'm interested in an italian restaurant. what would you recommend in the 
yes, for 8 people at 10:15 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 8 people at 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
yes, i would like a different selection please. what other places serve 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
lovely, i would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting 
lovely, i would like to book it for 
lovely, i would like to book it for 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
no, i would like it to be in the 
no, i would like it to be in the centre. are there any 
i'd still prefer to keep it in the 
no. i am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. three people on 
no. i am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 
i need a place to stay in the 
a 
a 4 star 
could you try a different 
i am looking for details on the 
thank you. i am also looking for a train to cambridge form 
thank you. i am also looking for a train to 
on 
on wednesday leaving after 
i am looking for an upscale 
i need the hotel to be in the 
i need the 
i would like to find the 
i would like to find an 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 
i could you look for a train leaving 
i could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to 
i am departing from 
i don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 
umm, no i am going to leicester from cambridge on thursday arriving by 
umm, no i am going to leicester from cambridge on 
umm, no i am going to leicester from 
umm, no i am going to 
can you get me information on a restaurant called 
yes, i need a table for 
sunday at 
are their any swimming pools in the 
i need a place to eat in the 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 3 at 15:45 this coming 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 3 at 
something that is 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 3 on 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 3 on saturday at 
thanks! i also need to book a 
i would love something 
yes. i'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes. i'd like to book for 
hi, i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes. can you book me a take for 5 at 18:00 on 
yes. can you book me a take for 
yes. can you book me a take for 5 at 
can we try 
i definitely want a 
i would like to book a room for 
i would like to book a room for 
any other 
i would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 
i would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 
i would like to book for the 
i would like to book for the lensfield 
i'd like a train to depart at 9:30 in 
i'd like a train to depart at 
no but i do need help finding a particular hotel called the 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting sunday night for 5 nights. i need reservations for 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting sunday night for 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an 
look for a 
that sounds good, does it have a 
if that one is in the 
yes, i am looking for an indian restaurant in the 
yes, i am looking for an 
book sitar tandoori. 2 people, 14:45, 
book sitar tandoori. 
book sitar tandoori. 2 people, 
book 
actually, i want to visit a college. somewhere in the 
yes, that would be great. can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that 
yes, i need a place to eat in that area. i want 
can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on 
can you check if they would have a table for 
can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 
i'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 
i'll need a taxi to get me from 
i'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to 
i am looking for a hotel, the 
i would like to book the room for 
i will have a party of 
i will have a party of 
we want to arrive on 
we want to arrive on friday and stay 
we want to arrive on friday and stay 
thanks! i also need a train for 
i need to go from 
i need to go from cambridge to 
i would like to leave after 
i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the 
i don't need it booked. can i get the phone number and address of an 
i also need a train departing from 
i also need a train departing from stevenage leaving after 
cambridge on 
hi there, i need to find a hotel - a 
i'd like a guesthouse rated 
i'd like a 
i will take the one in the 
i will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 
i will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i'd like to find an 
i would like 
what about 
okay, let's try one that serves 
ok, that sounds good. the same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. can you book a table for 1
ok, that sounds good. the same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. can you book a table for 
i would like to go from the restaurant to the 
can you find a restaurant for me that is 
does either one serve 
yes, i would like a table for 2 on 
yes, i would like a table for 
i would like to dine at 
i also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the 
sure, i want 3 nights starting 
i am in the past of town. can you recommend a restaurant in a 
is it in the 
yes 
i'd like to check out an attraction on the 
yeah, a 
great. by any chance is that near a place called 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i don't care but it needs to be 
yes, i need one that is in the 
yes thank you. i also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by 
yes thank you. i also needs a train on 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from kings lynn and go to 
whichever one gets me to cambridge closest to 
whichever one gets me to 
hello, i'm looking for a train departing from norwich on 
hello, i'm looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to cambridge on friday, i'm hoping to leave by 
i'd like a 
i'd like a 4 star 
oh i'm sorry, i forgot i need to know what time my train will arrive in 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 
yes, i'll need a 
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i need a 
how about 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 17:30 on 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 
do they have an opening at 
do they have an opening at 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
it doesn't matter, but i would prefer a 
that one sounds perfect. can i get the address for the 
that one sounds perfect. can i get the address for the alpha-milton 
hello, i am trying to locate a restaurant that serves 
how about an expensive restaurant that serves 
how about an 
great. could you also help me find a cinema in the 
great. could you also help me find a 
can you get me information on a place called 
can you book a table for 5 people at 18:45 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 5 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the 
are any of them 
are any of them 4 star 
what's the postcode for your favorite of those 
okay. can you also provide me with information on the 
okay. can you also provide me with information on the cambridge and county folk 
the county folk 
i am looking for a place to stay that is 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
could you check for something in the 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from leicester on 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 08:15 in 
i need a train to 
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on tuesday, and depart from 
yeah. i need to book for 
i also need a place to stay, i'd like possibly a 
i would like some information on the 
my companion and i will arrive on 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to 
we are planning to be in cambridge. we would like to go to a swimmingpool in the 
we are planning to be in cambridge. we would like to go to a 
could you give me some information about a hotel called 
can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on 
can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on monday for 
can you please book it for me? 
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i am planning a trip in 
i want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from 
i need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on 
i need to depart 
i need to depart broxbourne to 
i need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 
yes, i need 
thanks! i'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for 
thanks! i'm also looking for moderately-priced 
can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 
i am departing from 
i would like to travel on 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on tuesday for 
i need to book a 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on tuesday for 8 at the 
hello i am looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the west. i prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 
could i please get the postcode, and the address for this 
great. i'll also need a train going to 
i'm departing from leicester. the train should leave on 
i'm departing from 
i'd like to have some 
i am looking for a 
ok, 2 questions. 1 - what are the 
i'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the 
any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the 
great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you look for a 
great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you look for a 4 star 
are any of them in the 
how about 
yes, i'll be coming in on 
yes, i'll be coming in on wednesday with 
yes, i'll be coming in on wednesday with 
thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. i need to get there by 
i am looking for a hotel with a 
either is fine. i'd like a 
no. i would like to make a reservation for 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 3 nights and 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 
can you please try a 
i'm looking for cheap places to eat in the 
i'm looking for 
yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 6 people, 
i would also like a place to stay. i would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the 
i would also like a place to stay. i would like a 
is there not a 
how about a guesthouse with 0-star and 
more information please. i'd just like the address and postcode for 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
i am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. i'm really interested in a 
do you have any in mind? it really doesn't matter, as long as its 
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on 
yes book for 
yes book for 3 people at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
how about a moderately priced 
how about a 
how about 
i would like a moderately priced 
i would like a 
please help me find a train which will arrive in cambridge on 
please help me find a train which will arrive in 
i am travelling from 
i am travelling from kings lynn after 
i want to book for 
yes, actually. can you tell me about 
i am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves 
hi, i'd like to find an expensive 
hi, i'd like to find an 
how about 
hey there. i am trying to plan my trip for cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. it's called the 
i want to book a table for one for 
i want to book a table for one for tuesday 
i want to book a table for one for tuesday 
i need a train which goes to birmingham new street and should arrive by 
i need a train which goes to 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday and depart from 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 5 people for me for 
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 5 people for me for saturday by 
i prefer the 
i need to leave sunday from cambridge and travel to birmingham new street, arriving before 
i need to leave 
i need to leave sunday from 
i need to leave sunday from cambridge and travel to 
no thank you, what time does the train leave 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
please tell me the address and phone number of the 
i need a place with rated 4 stars in the 
i need a place with rated 
i need a place with rated 4 stars in the east. can you help me find one that like a 
yes please. i need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting 
yes please. i need it booked for 
yes please. i need it booked for 1 person for 
can you help direct me a restaurant called 
yes sorry i meant does the restaurant have any reviews? also i need help looking for a train leaving on 
yes sorry i meant does the restaurant have any reviews? also i need help looking for a train leaving on saturday and arriving in 
just me, leave at 
just me, leave at 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like it to be in the 
i'd like it to be in the east. a guesthouse would be great with a 
i'd like it to be in the east. a 
thanks. i'm also looking for a train to stevenage for 
thanks. i'm also looking for a train to 
i will be leaving from 
the train should leave at 
yes, please. i need tickets for 
moderately priced with a star of 
i would like one in the 
i'm looking for some 
let's do 
i was hoping to find something located in the center of town. are there any expensive 
i was hoping to find something located in the center of town. are there any 
yes please, 2 people at 19:00 on 
yes please, 
yes please, 2 people at 
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is 
i'm looking for a 
does not matter but i do need free wifi and and a star of 
i'll be arriving on 
i'll be arriving on saturday and staying 
i also need a train. it should leave bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on 
can we increase the amount of people to 
i'm looking for an attraction called 
yes, can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves 
yes, can you help me find an 
i'd like it to be in the 
i would like to try 
hi, i'm trying to find a moderate 
hi, i'm trying to find a 
are either of those in the 
okay. can you book me a table for 
okay. can you book me a table for 4 at the 
i need it for 
i need it for saturday at 1
i need it for saturday at 
i need a train departing from 
i want to arrive by 
i prefer the 
i prefer the 
hi i need to find a restaurant in the 
hi i need to find a restaurant in the centre part of cambridge that falls in the 
a reservation at any will do. please reserve a table for 3 at 19:15 on 
a reservation at any will do. please reserve a table for 
a reservation at any will do. please reserve a table for 3 at 
i don't care about the area, i just want it to be a 
book the 
arriving on 
i'd like to know what my options are, as far as 
yes, is there any 
on second thought, i'd rather have mediterranean food. would you see if there's an expensive one in the 
on second thought, i'd rather have 
on second thought, i'd rather have mediterranean food. would you see if there's an 
yes,table for 1 people at 12:15 on 
yes,table for 
yes,table for 1 people at 
also looking to visit a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the 
i would like to move in on 
i would like to move in on saturday and stay for 
how about starting on 
can you help me find a hotel called 
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 2 people for 
yes, are there any 
how about a 
could you reserve a table at 
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs from 
i am traveling to 
i'd like a 
i have no preference for the area, but i would like something that includes free wifi and is in the 
could you check to see if there are any 
could you check to see if there are any expensive 
i don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the gonville 
i need a 
it can be anywhere in town, but i'd like the hotel to be in the 
how about in the 
i would prefer one with a rating of 
yes, i would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from 
i would like a cuisine of 
i'd like to leave the hotel by 
can you book reservations for the restaurant at 
2 people on a 
i am looking for a 3 star 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves north american food located within the town 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
can you tell me the postcode and phone number for 
yes i would also like to visit some 
could you give me the address for one of the free 
yes. i'd like a taxi to pick me up at 
yes. i'd like a taxi to pick me up at christ's college and take me to the restaurant. i'd like to leave the 
yes. i'd like a taxi to pick me up at christ's college and take me to the restaurant. i'd like to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for college attractions in the 
i am looking for 
great! also i would like to find a place to eat. somewhere in the same area and 
that sounds great. please book a table for 1 at 19:45 on 
that sounds great. please book a table for 
that sounds great. please book a table for 1 at 
looking for a restaurant in the 
yes 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves 
i need to find a place to dine in the 
i think i'd like to eat on the 
this will be for 7 people at 19:15 on 
this will be for 
this will be for 7 people at 
yes, how about 18:15 on 
yes, how about 
i would also like to find a guesthouse. i want something 
i would also like to find a 
not really. i just need a 2 star guesthouse or 
not really. i just need a 2 star guesthouse or 4 star 
how about a guesthouse with a star of 
how about a 
yes, i'd like it for the same number of people for 
yes, i'd like it for the same number of people for 
i'd like to find a 
i'd like 
just cheap, 
just 
i need a table for 8 at 13:15 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 8 at 
it should depart from cambridge, arriving by 
it should depart from cambridge, arriving by 18:00 on 
it should depart from 
i am looking to go to 
i need a restaurant in the 
i need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
how about 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
yes, i'd like to find one in the 
is 
is curry garden 
1 person and 12:15 on 
1 person and 12:15 on sunday or 
1 person and 
could you please try again? i really need that reservation. i'd prefer it for 
could you please try again? i really need that reservation. i'd prefer it for sunday but if they can't accommodate that time, 
could you try again, just want something on 
could you try again, just want something on thursday, at 
could you try again, just want something on thursday, at 
great. now i need somewhere to stay. i want an 
yes, please, for 
yes, please, for 
i'm looking for a 
do you have any that are in the 
are there any 
thank you! can you also find a 
how about 
how about chinese but in the 
no, i really need it in that area and i'm desperately craving chinese food. can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the 
no, i really need it in that area and i'm desperately craving 
wonderful, thanks. i need a table for 6 on 
wonderful, thanks. i need a table for 
wonderful, thanks. i need a table for 6 on friday. we'd like to eat tat 
can you try 
not really. how about a place that has 
yes, are there any 
could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the 
could you help me find a 
are either of them 
yes please. i need 3 nights starting on 
yes please. i need 3 nights starting on friday for 
yes please. i need 
i'm looking for a 
yes in the 
yes in the north and it should be 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderate price 
i'm looking to stay at a 
yes please. i need to book it for 
yes please. i need to book it for monday for 
yes please. i need to book it for monday for 4 guests staying 
great! i am also looking to do something fun, what kind of entertainment is available in the 
great! i am also looking to do something fun, what kind of 
sure, is it labelled as 
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the 
can you find me an 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
i would actually like to book it for 6 people at 13:45 on 
i would actually like to book it for 
i would actually like to book it for 6 people at 
can you try to book for 
can you try to book for 6 at 
could you tell me about a place to go in town, maybe a 
there is not. can you give me the address for one of the 
thank you. please tell me the area and address of 
thank you. please tell me the area and address of christ's 
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
i don't have a price range but i would like it to be in the town 
i don't have a price range but i would like it to be in the town centre for 
i don't have a price range but i would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 
book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 2 people at 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a moderately priced place in the 
i'm looking for a 
i already told you. 
yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people for 
i need a reservation for 
archway house to milton country park by 
archway house to 
i want to book a room in a place that has a 
what price ranges are available for a 
i need to get to cambridge by 
i need to get to 
i need 
hi, i'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. i need a 
hi, i'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. i need a cheap place to stay and would like to try a 
i would prefer to stay on the 
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting 
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 
that sounds great! can i get a table for 4 at 13:15 
that sounds great! can i get a table for 
that sounds great! can i get a table for 4 at 
i'm looking for an 
i would like to stay in the 
if it has free parking then i need a booking for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
if it has free parking then i need a booking for 
if it has free parking then i need a booking for 7 people and 
i'd like it to be in the 
i'd like it to be in the centre, 
thank you. i'm also interested in finding a cheap 
thank you. i'm also interested in finding a 
yes, i need it to be located in the town 
i love the 
i love the centre of cambridge but i always spend too much, are there 
restaurant should serve 
how about 
great. i'm also looking for a train. i need to leave after 16:15 from 
great. i'm also looking for a train. i need to leave after 
i'll need it to be on 
i'll need it to be on tuesday. i'm going to 
make a booking for 
hi, i'd like a listing for a 
that sounds wonderful. can you help me book a table for 2 people at 18:00 on 
that sounds wonderful. can you help me book a table for 2 people at 1
that sounds wonderful. can you help me book a table for 2 people at 
can i book a table for 
can you help me find a train going to stevenage and leaving 
can you help me find a train going to 
i am going to stevenage on 
i am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving 
i am going to 
i am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after 
yes, please can i book for two people at 17:
i also need a train going to stevenage on 
i also need a train going to stevenage on thursday leaving 
i also need a train going to 
i also need a train going to stevenage on thursday leaving cambridge after 
i am looking for more information regarding the 
yes, i was wondering if you could assist me with finding a train for 
i'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to cambridge. i need to get there by 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to 
actually, i'd like the hotel to include free parking if possible, but it doesn't need to have free wifi. i'd like to stay on the 
is that in the 
i'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves 
i'm looking for a 
i've got my heart set on 
how about 
yes, for 2 people at 17:00 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 2 people at 
can you help me find a hotel in the 
can you help me find a 
i would like to book the ashley 
there will be 7 of us arriving 
there will be 
there will be 7 of us arriving sunday. we will be staying 
i will go with the nirala since i love indian food. please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on 
i will go with the nirala since i love indian food. please book it for 11:00 for the 
i will go with the nirala since i love indian food. please book it for 
i will go with the nirala since i love 
i will go with the 
yes, i want a taxi too. i'll need contact number and car type. it should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 
i'd like more information about the 
that is what i am looking for. i need to book for 2 nights starting on 
that is what i am looking for. i need to book for 
yes. i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
yes. i'm also looking for an 
yes. i would like to eat 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 4 at 
i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves 
need a restaurant called the 
yes please. there will 8 of us at 15:15 on 
yes please. there will 
yes please. there will 8 of us at 
i'm looking for a train as well to cambridge that will arrive by 
i'm looking for a train as well to 
i would like to leave from 
i need a 
just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 
just a 
can you see if you find one with a start of 
yes, one person two nights from 
what is the name of the 
yes, i need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. i want to leave after 
yes, i need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. i want to leave after 1
i'm looking for information on a hotel called 
yes please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 4 people and 
thank you. i also need a train on 
i would like to depart from 
no, i just need to arrive by 17:00. on 
no, i just need to arrive by 17:00. on wednesday. please book the train closest to that arrival for 
can you help me find a restaurant located in the 
i would like 
book the 
it doesn't matter. just book one for 4 people at 13:00 on 
it doesn't matter. just book one for 
it doesn't matter. just book one for 4 people at 
no particular area but i need it to be 
i'd prefer a 
yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 3 people for 
how about booking it for 
yes i need a 
yes i need a chinese place in the 
can you reserve me a table that the lucky star on 
can you reserve me a table that the lucky star on monday for 
can you reserve me a table that the lucky star on monday for 3 people at 
can you reserve me a table that 
i'm looking for an exciting place to go in the 
i'm actually looking for something that has great 
a friend was raving about this restaurant called 
actually, could you check if there is a 
it should be in the 
i would prefer the 
let's look for a 
sounds fine. could you make a reservation for 4 at 11:45 on 
sounds fine. could you make a reservation for 
sounds fine. could you make a reservation for 4 at 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
yes, i want to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes, i want to book it for 
yes, i want to book it for 6 people and 
yes. i want to check out a college in the 
yes. i want to check out a 
i would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at 
actually, can i get the street address of 
actually, can i get the street address of downing 
what sort of moderately priced restaurants does cambridge offer? i'm only interested in restaurants located in the 
what sort of 
i am looking to eat at a 
can you check for 
that would be just fine. can you make reservations for 5 people at 18:00 on 
that would be just fine. can you make reservations for 
that would be just fine. can you make reservations for 5 people at 
i am also looking for a train to 
i'll be traveling from ely to cambridge on 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a 
hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 18:45 
hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 
i am leaving 
i am leaving cambridge to go to 
that's all i needed about the train i also need some information on a restaurant called 
uhm? do you have any info about 
hi. im looking for a train to 
hi. im looking for a train to ely that leaves after 
i need it to depart from 
i will leav on 
also looking for a restaurant by the name of midsummer house. i need a reservation for 7 people at 10:15 on 
also looking for a restaurant by the name of midsummer house. i need a reservation for 
also looking for a restaurant by the name of midsummer house. i need a reservation for 7 people at 
also looking for a restaurant by the name of 
does cambridge offer any expensive, 
does cambridge offer any 
how about 
i actually need a train. for 
i'm departing from cambridge and it should arrive at peterborough by 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from cambridge and it should arrive at 
i would like a 
i would like to book a room at the hotel for 
i'll be starting on 
thank you. do you have information on 
i am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 
i am looking to stay in a 
i will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 
i will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star 
there will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on 
there will be 
there will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on thursday and stay for 
i also need a train to bishops stortford on 
i also need a train to 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from cambridge and want to leave after 
yes i would like to find 
let's go with the cheap one. i'll need a table for 7 on 
let's go with the cheap one. i'll need a table for 
let's go with the cheap one. i'll need a table for 7 on sunday at 
let's go with the 
can you try on 
can you try on saturday, 
can you try on saturday, 7 people, at 
i am looking for a train going to 
thanks. a friend told me about a restaurant called the 
yes please, 2 people at 20:30 on 
yes please, 
yes please, 2 people at 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a persian restaurant with 
oh, how disappointing. there are no expensive 
oh, how disappointing. there are no 
is there a italian restaurant in the 
is there a 
is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the 
i've heard good things about 
do you know of any 
thanks. now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to 
thanks. now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to ballare? i want to leave after 
thanks for that! can you double check when the car is picking me up? i think i misspoke - i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
i am also looking for a place to stay in a 
i would like to stay in the 
is it in the 
please book worth house for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on 
please book worth house for 
please book worth house for 
please book 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i would prefer a hotel that is nice but in the 
i'll be traveling on 
i need to leave for 
i need to leave for cambridge 
yes book 
hi i'm looking for a 
i would like to be in the 
i would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an 
i would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an expensive 
there will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from 
there will be 
there will be 2 people and a total of 
yes, as long as the hotel is in the 
yes, as long as the 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the 
hello, i am looking for an 
i am looking for 
can you give me the address for that 
i am also looking for a particular restaurant,the 
are there any entertainment attractions in the 
are there any 
sure. are there any colleges in the 
sure. are there any 
sure, i would like the largest 
thank you. can you also find a 
thank you. can you also find a turkish restaurant that is 
is one of them in the 
we'll try efes, could you book me a table for 2 on 
we'll try efes, could you book me a table for 
we'll try efes, could you book me a table for 2 on thursday at 
we'll try 
i want to find a hotel to stay in located in the 
i want to find a 
can you help me find a hotel in the 
can you help me find a 
try a 
is it 
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the 
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 
i also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the 
i also need a place to stay, it should be 
yes, i'll need it for 5 nights starting from 
yes, i'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. oh, and book it for 
yes, i'll need it for 
can you see if they have anything for 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is 
is there any 
no, i need something moderate priced in the 
no, i need something moderate priced in the south. is there one that serves 
no, i need something 
area doesn't really matter. are there a lot of 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel in the 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel in the north, and i'd like the more 
i'm sorry not hotels, 
yes, please check one in the 
honestly, i would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its 
that would be fine. could you also find out some information about the 
thanks. could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on 
thanks. could you reserve a table for 
thanks. could you reserve a table for 3 people at 
how about 15:
how about 
i need a train going to 
i need a train going to cambridge that'll leave after 
trusday, i need to leave by the 
i am, also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am, also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the north and should be in the 
i'd prefer a guesthouse. a 
i'd prefer a 
hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the 
hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? someplace with 
i need to find a moderately priced 
i need to find a 
how about an 
that sounds good to me. can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on 
that sounds good to me. can you please book a table for 
that sounds good to me. can you please book a table for 8 at 
i will depart from 
i'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge. i need to arrive by 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to 
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 
i need some tacos! can you help me find a mexican restaurant on the 
i need some tacos! can you help me find a 
yes, i'm also looking for a train leaving 
yes, i'm also looking for a train leaving cambridge after 
peterborough and i need to leave on 
peterborough and i need to leave on saturday after 
book it for 
i want to have some 
is there any 
can you find me a train leaving from 
i'd like to leave cambridge after 18:15 on 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave cambridge after 
yes, please. i'll be needing tickets for 
there is a restaurant called eraina, i would like to book a table for 
there is a restaurant called eraina, i would like to book a table for 3 at 
there is a restaurant called 
for 
how about 
can you help me find a cheap african restaurant in the 
can you help me find a cheap 
can you help me find a 
yes can you check for 
sorry, i'm actually looking for 
how about 
yes can you book a table for four please at 
i apologize, i need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 15:45 on 
i apologize, i need an earlier reservation now for 
i apologize, i need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 
i could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the 
i don't need a hotel. i'd just like a recommendation for a 
it needs to be a 
yes please, i need 
yes please, i need 
hello, i'm seeking a 
i would like 
i am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 
could you please try guesthouse, with free parking and a 
could you please try 
for 8 people. starting from 
for 
for 8 people. starting from sunday for 
for 8 people. starting from sunday for 
hi, what kind of attractions are there in the 
is there a guesthouse nearby that is rated at least 
is there a 
that sounds like what i'm looking for. is it a 
yes, i will need accommodations for 7 people, for 5 nights. we want to check in 
yes, i will need accommodations for 
yes, i will need accommodations for 7 people, for 
please try for two nights then at minimum from 
please try for two nights then at minimum from thursday evening on. we need a guesthouse for 
please try for two nights then at minimum from thursday evening on. we need a 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve african food and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i want the 
yes, please. i'd like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on 
yes, please. i'd like it for 
yes, please. i'd like it for 3 people at 
i need help finding a book on 
i'm looking for 
no, area doesn't matter. what 
thanks. could you help me find and expensive 
thanks. could you help me find and 
book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 6 people at 
i am looking for lodging in the 
there will be 
we are arriving on 
we are arriving on tuesday and want to stay 
is there a train from cambridge that arrives by 
is there a train from 
i will be travelling on 
i will be travelling on friday and want to arrive at 
no, as long as it arrives before 
no, as long as it arrives before 13:45 on 
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
i would prefer 
i'll take the hotel. please book for 2 people starting on 
i'll take the hotel. please book for 
i'll take the hotel. please book for 2 people starting on monday for 
hi, i am looking for a 
hi, i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the 
yes, can we try a 
hmm, how about 
hmm, how about italian? 
nope! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at 12:30 on 
nope! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 
nope! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at 
i'm looking for a restaurant called the 
yes i would like a table for 3 on 
yes i would like a table for 
yes i would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 
can you please help me find 
no matter. could you make a recommendation? i will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting 
no matter. could you make a recommendation? i will need a room for 
no matter. could you make a recommendation? i will need a room for 1, for 
yes, i'm looking for an expensive 
yes, i'm looking for an 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i would like to dine in the 
i would like to dine in the south, preferably 
i would like to dine in the south, preferably chinese and 
i am traveling to cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the 
lets try 
actually can you check for a place that serves 
no problem. how about 
please book for 8 people. 
please book for 
please book for 8 people. friday at 
yes, i would prefer train and would like to arrive by 
yes, i would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on 
i would like to book the train arriving at 
i would like to book the train arriving at 
i'm interested in places that you can get a 
the hotel should be in the 
the 
sure, please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from 
sure, please book it for 
sure, please book it for 4 people for 
perfect. i am also looking for a hotel in the 
no, but i want something 
i need to leave the hotel by 
i need a place in the 
i need a place in the centre that serves 
yes, i am also looking for a 
thanks for the good suggestion. what is the postcode for 
could you help me locate a restaurant in the 
i am interested in an 
any expensive restaurant will suffice. reserve it for 8 people at 18:30 on 
any expensive restaurant will suffice. reserve it for 
any expensive restaurant will suffice. reserve it for 8 people at 
any 
i also need a train to cambridge departing from 
i also need a train to 
i'll be traveling 
i'll be traveling tuesday, and need it booked for 
reference number is iayfj
i need an 
please look in the 
yes can you please book four nights starting 
actually i changed my mind just 2 nights for 
actually i changed my mind just 
yes, i need the postcode for 
nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. i should leave by 
i need one in cambridge and i would like a 
thanks. could you tell me what kind of food the 
where can i find a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
where can i find a 
i would prefer the 
can you book a table for 3 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 
thank you. i need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street leaving on tuesday and i need it to arrive by 
thank you. i need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street leaving on 
thank you. i need to find a train from 
thank you. i need to find a train from cambridge to 
is there a 
how about 
why don't we try for 
yes, please. there will be 3 of us for 
yes, please. there will be 
yes, please. there will be 3 of us for tuesday at 
i need a train from 
i need a train from leicester that leaves after 
does that train leave on 
does that train leave on wednesday and go to 
i'm also looking for a expensive 
i'm also looking for a 
i would like it in the 
just a table for 1 at 18:45 on 
just a table for 
just a table for 1 at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i think chinese sounds good, are there any of those in the 
i think 
yes please, book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on 
yes please, book a table for 
yes please, book a table for 8 people at 
could you give me the area, address, and entrance fee fo the 
the 
yes please. book a table for my party of 8 for 12:45 on 
yes please. book a table for my party of 
yes please. book a table for my party of 8 for 
yes, i am also looking for a hotel named 
yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge on 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge on sunday that leaves after 
i'm trying to get to 
i don't have an arrival preference but i want to leave after 
yes, please reserve 
i would like to dine at an 
i would like 
yes, i would like the 
there will be three of us dining on 
there will be three of us dining on sunday at 
i am looking for a cheap local restaurant located in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for one that serves 
would you please book a table for 4 people at 15:30 on 
would you please book a table for 
would you please book a table for 4 people at 
yes, i am also looking for a 
i need to find a train that leaves peterborough on 
i need to find a train that leaves 
i'll be heading to 
i'll be heading to cambridge and i'd like to leave at or a little after 
i need 
i'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called 
i am looking for the address for 
what about a museum in the 
what about a 
i'd also like a guesthouse with 
i'd also like a 
i need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on 
i need the hotel to be booked for 
i need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 
i'm coming to cambridge to visit, and i'd like to try some chinese food in the 
i'm coming to cambridge to visit, and i'd like to try some 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i am interested in some attractions in the 
can you recommend a 
yes, could you help me book a taxi from 
yes, could you help me book a taxi from jinling noodle bar to 
yes, could you help me book a taxi from jinling noodle bar to adc please? i would like it to arrive at the restaurant by 
i want to board a train on 
i am travelling to cambridge and it should depart from 
i am travelling to 
please make a booking for 
i am also looking for a 
i want it to be 4 stars and 
i want it to be 
hi, i'm looking for upscale hotels in the 
can you book it for 6 people staying 5 nights starting on 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 6 people staying 
yes. can you also tell me if there is a park in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west in the 
yes, could you book a table for 1 at 11:30 on 
yes, could you book a table for 
yes, could you book a table for 1 at 
im looking also for a place to go still in the 
how about a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
as 
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 
ok lets try 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves london kings cross on 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves london kings cross on saturday and arrives in cambridge by 09:
would it be possible to book that train for 
i am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by 
i am looking for a train departing 
i would like to go to cambridge on 
i would like to go to 
it doesn't matter what time i leave as long as i'm there by 
yes, please make me a reservation for two people on tr3
i'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the 
i'm also looking for a 
the hotpot sounds great! can you please make a reservation for 
the hotpot sounds great! can you please make a reservation for friday for 
the hotpot sounds great! can you please make a reservation for friday for 2 people at 
the 
i need the phone number of a restaurant in the 
i need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves 
hi there. i was wondering if you could provide some information on the 
sounds good. could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting 
sounds good. could you book me a room for 
is it available on 
would 3 nights starting 
would 
thank you. i also need a train from cambridge on 
thank you. i also need a train from 
i need to arrive in stevenage by 
i need to arrive in stevenage by 09:45 on 
i need to arrive in 
i would like the one that arrives at 8:10. could you book it for 
i would like the one that arrives at 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that has 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that has international food and a 
yes please make me a reservation at the bloomsbury for 2 people at 19:30 on 
yes please make me a reservation at the bloomsbury for 
yes please make me a reservation at the bloomsbury for 2 people at 
yes please make me a reservation at the 
how about 
i am also looking for a place to stay. are there any 
yes please, but it definitely needs to be a 
i would like to book the huntingdon marriott on 
i would like to book the huntingdon marriott on thursday for 5 nights for the same 
i'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. i need to be at the restaurant at 
can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the 
can you help me find and 
i would like to eat at an 
yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on 
yes, please choose one and book it for 
yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 
i would like a "
yes, i am looking for expensive chinese food in the 
yes, i am looking for expensive 
yes, i am looking for 
can you book me a table at the peking restaurant for 4 people at 11:30 on 
can you book me a table at the peking restaurant for 
can you book me a table at the peking restaurant for 4 people at 
can you book me a table at the 
i'm also interested in visiting 
i'm also interested in visiting sidney sussex 
i'm looking for a 
i don't have a preference. just need it to be cheap and in the 
i don't have a preference. just need it to be 
yes, i need a place to stay, a 
i'm looking for something in cambridge, probably in the 
is 
thanks! i don't care, i just want to leave at 
i'm looking for a restaurant in 
i am really in the mood for 
i am really in the mood for italian food tonight. something 
not at this time. i also need a train going from 
not at this time. i also need a train going from cambridge to 
i don't have a preference on what time to leave, however, i do need to be there by 
i'll be leaving on 
i'm looking for a certain hotel called the 
yes thanks. there will be 
yes thanks. there will be 2 of us arriving for 
yes i need to find a restaurant serving 
yes i need to find a restaurant serving irish food in the center of town that is 
aww, that's a bummer. i was really wanting irish food. how about 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 2 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 2 sunday at 
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on 
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on friday after 
i want to leave from 
i want to leave from bishops stortford and go to 
yes, i need some information on 
hi i am looking for a hotel called 
can i book a room starting 
can i book a room starting sunday for 
thank you. can you book us a train that gets there by 
i am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on 
i am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 1
that's much better, thank you. i'll need tickets for 
a cheap 
a 
okay what is the phone number and postcode of that 
could you tell me if cambridge has any expensive 
could you tell me if cambridge has any 
are you sure there's no expensive austrian food in the 
are you sure there's no expensive 
are you sure there's no 
could you look for something 
that sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 12:00 on 
that sounds good - can you book a table for 
that sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 
i am also looking for a boat in the 
i'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for and 
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i am looking for a 
yeah, i'd like to stay in the 
sure could i get the phone number to 
no, let's try a 
thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at 
i am looking for a place called 
yes. i would like to book a table for 7 on 
yes. i would like to book a table for 
yes. i would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called 
i also need a taxi between the two places, i need to arrive by at the restaurant 
i'm looking for a 
i would prefer a guesthouse in the 
i would prefer a 
yes. book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 7 people for 
yes, i would like to book a train from 
yes, i would like to book a train from cambridge to 
i will be travelling on 
i'd like to arrive by 
yes, please. i need 
i am looking for a hotel called 
yes i am, i need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes i am, i need a reservation for 
yes i am, i need a reservation for 6 people for 
is there anything open for just 
i'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would prefer the 
yes. can you book for 8 people at 19:15 on 
yes. can you book for 
yes. can you book for 8 people at 
i want the train from birmingham new street to arrive in cambridge by 09:30. i plan to travel on 
yes i would like to book, for 
i want to find a hotel located in the 
i want to find a 
i want the most 
yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, can you please book me a room for 
yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 
yes. i am looking to go to london kings cross on 
yes. i am looking to go to 
i need the train to leave after 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of 
well i'm really looking for that expensive guesthouse type. how about something in the 
well i'm really looking for that 
well i'm really looking for that expensive 
how about something in the 
sure, please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on 
sure, please make a reservation for 
sure, please make a reservation for 
can we make it 
i need free parking, free wifi, and something 
can you find a 
i would like to leave after 10:45 to 
i would like to leave after 
yes, i'm traveling alone, so just one ticket. don't forget to find me a 
i still need the price and travel time for train tr2694. for the guesthouse, i need the address and number of stars for a 
i still need the price and travel time for train tr2694. for the 
i was still needing the address and number of stars for a 
i was still needing the address and number of stars for a moderately priced 
how many stars is 
how many stars is acorn 
no, don't book it. can you look for a train that leaves cambridge on 
no, don't book it. can you look for a train that leaves 
i will be in the 
i will be in the centre of cambridge. i am looking for any type of attraction involving 
i need something in the 
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting 
yes, 
yes, 7 people 
how about just 
i want to stay in cambridge and i need a 
after rethinking some things, i actually would like an expensive hotel in the 
after rethinking some things, i actually would like an 
after rethinking some things, i actually would like an expensive 
i need some help choosing a train from 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday sometime 
yes please make a booking for 
that's lovely. we also require lodging. could you help find a 
i'm a sophisticated man. i will only consider 
i'm a sophisticated man. i will only consider expensive 
monday and for 5 nights for 
monday and for 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
i'm looking for a place to go in the east, 
yes, i want to depart 
yes, i want to depart cherry hinton hall and grounds by 
you just reserved the 
i think a 
yes, i'm looking to book the hotel el shadai starting on 
yes, i'm looking to book the hotel el shadai starting on thursday for 
yes, i'm looking to book the hotel el shadai starting on thursday for 8 people and 
yes, i'm looking to book the hotel 
can you help me find a place to go in the 
is there a 
i'm also looking for a place to eat. i don't mind where, but i want an expensive 
i'm also looking for a place to eat. i don't mind where, but i want an 
i'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
yes, it needs to be 
yes, it needs to be cheap with 
yes, it's called 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
how about a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's 
i'm looking for a 
that's what i need. will you book acorn guest house for me starting 
that's what i need. will you book acorn guest house for me starting wednesday for 
that's what i need. will you book 
can you try again, please? i never told you how many nights we need. we'd like to arrive 
can you try again, please? i never told you how many nights we need. we'd like to arrive wednesday and stay for 5 nights. we're a party of 
can you try again, please? i never told you how many nights we need. we'd like to arrive wednesday and stay for 
yes, i need a train to get me to cambridge. i'm coming from 
yes, i need a train to get me to 
i'd like to arrive by 
i am looking for an 
i was thinking of having 
how about 
sure! i need a table for just me on 
sure! i need a table for just me on tuesday at 
sure! i need a table for just me on tuesday at 
i need a place to eat that serves 
no thank you. can you please search for 
i wish to book a table for 
i wish to book a table for 5 people at 
great. i also need to find a train going to 
i need a train from cambridge by no later then 10:4
i need a train from 
i need a train from cambridge by no later then 
are there any guest houses currently available iin the 
yes i would like to be in the 
i will hold off on the booking for now but thank you. i am also looking for a particular restaurant called 
can you book a table for four on 
can you book a table for four on thursday at 
are there any places that offer rooms in the 
the hotel should have a star of 
hello, i'd like some information about a hotel called the 
i am also looking for a train leaving from 
i am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge anytime after 
i need the train to leave cambridge after 17:00 on 
i need the train to leave 
i need the train to leave cambridge after 17:00 on wednesday heading to 
i need the train to leave cambridge after 
i want information about 
yes, i'd like to find a theatre near 
yes, i'd like to find a 
need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, i want to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a 
no, but i would like a 
no, but i would like a 4-star 
that sounds good. 
i need a restaurant in the town's 
yes i am looking for one that serves 
how about any 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i would like a 
great, i would like a reservation for 1, 3 nights starting from 
great, i would like a reservation for 1, 
great, i would like a reservation for 
i am looking for a place that has multiple sports in the 
i am looking for a place that has 
how about a college in the 
how about a 
great, that's helpful, thanks. can you also help us find a hotel? we'd like to stay on the 
great, that's helpful, thanks. can you also help us find a 
i would prefer the 
yes, i need you to go ahead and book that for me. i would like to stay for two nights starting on 
i need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the 
i need the address and postcode of a 
i need a train leaving from kings lynn on 
i need a train leaving from 
i am going to 
get me on one that leaves after 
book for 
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the 
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
i would like a 
i like 
how about 
tuesday, 
tuesday, 3 people, 
tuesday, 3 people, 18:45pm, 
please fid me a place to go in the 
i would like to visit a nightclub in the 
i would like to visit a 
perfect, thank you. i'm also looking for information on hotels in the 
i want to leave the club by 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the 
i'm looking for a 
how about 
that sounds great! can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 16:00 on 
that sounds great! can you see if there's a table for 
that sounds great! can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 
great. i also need to find a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and i am looking for a 
yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the 
yes, please, so 
great, we need that booked as well starting 
yes, i need a booking for 
hi, i am looking for some 
the attraction should be in the type of 
that museum from earlier is fine, i just need their postalcode. i need a hotel two in the 
that museum from earlier is fine, i just need their postalcode. i need a hotel two in the west and 
no thanks. i will do that later. can you please arrange for taxi service from 
no thanks. i will do that later. can you please arrange for taxi service from cafe jello to 
no thanks. i will do that later. can you please arrange for taxi service from cafe jello to hobson's house sometime after 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
how about the italian one? book for 1 people at 13:00 on 
how about the italian one? book for 
how about the italian one? book for 1 people at 
how about the 
thanks so much. i also need info on magdalene 
i would like to arrive by 
i want something cheap in the 
i want something 
i would like the phone number and address for 
i am looking for the 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on 
yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on tuesday. there will be 
yes, could you book me a room for 
i want information on a particular hotel called 
please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on 
please book it for 
please book it for 6 people for 
we are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn. arrival time should be around 
we are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn. arrival time should be around 09:00. please book 
we are departing from 
we are departing from cambridge on friday going to 
i'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the 
i'm looking for a 
i think modern european sounds good. can you book me a table for 7 people at 19:45 on a 
i think modern european sounds good. can you book me a table for 
i think modern european sounds good. can you book me a table for 7 people at 
i think 
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the 
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. i need a table for 7 
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. i need a table for 
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. i need a table for 7 friday at 
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a 
would you check the moderately priced italian restaurant in the 
would you check the moderately priced 
would you check the 
yes, i'm also looking for some interesting 
yes, a taxi please! i need to get from the church to the restaurant by 
would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, 
would you be able to tell me where to find a 
how about 
i need a table for 1 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 1 on tuesday at 
are there any good architecture places in the 
are there any good 
how about a 
i'm looking for architecture in the 
i'm looking for 
ok, i'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. maybe 
hmmm how about 
i just want a cheap 
i just want a 
6 on 
6 on thursday at 
i would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 
i don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the 
great! will you please book that for 2 people at 17:30 on 
great! will you please book that for 
great! will you please book that for 2 people at 
i need a place to stay, a hotel in the 
i need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. preferably in the 
i would like to book the acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting 
i would like to book the acorn for 
i am departing from cambridge and going to leicester on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and going to 
i am departing from cambridge and going to leicester on monday. i want to leave after 
perfect. thanks for that info. now please find me a restaurant that serves crossover food in the 
perfect. thanks for that info. now please find me a restaurant that serves 
how about one that serves 
ok, what's the phone number for 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the 
i would like a 
yes, that would be fine. what are the names of the two 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
i need a 
i need a sunday train. leaving after 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from cambridge to 
yes, for 
can you also look up the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 
i prefer something in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
can you book it for me for 
can you book it for me for 7 people at 
thank you! i'm also looking for information on a hotel called 
yes i need it booked for our group for 
i'm coming to visit cambridge! i can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! do you have any 
yes, expensive. the food should serve 
yes, 
yes, book the shiraz for one at 11:00 on 
yes, book the shiraz for one at 
yes, book the shiraz for one at 
yes, book the 
um. how about 
um. how about 
i don't know the city very well. do you have any recommendations for attractions in the 
it needs to be four star, but on the 
okay, great. i'm also looking for attractions in the 
yes, i'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. i want to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an indian restaurant with high ratings in the 
could you tell me more information about 
yes please. i would like to book a table for 5 at 12:30 on 
yes please. i would like to book a table for 
yes please. i would like to book a table for 5 at 
is it available at 
yes i'm also looking for a train to kings lynn on 
yes i'm also looking for a train to 
i want to depart from 
i want to depart from cambridge after 
hey, i need a 
a 
yes, please for 3 people on 
yes, please for 
i need to stay for 2 nights with 3 people from 
i need to stay for 2 nights with 
i need to stay for 
i need to stay for 
thank you, i'm also looking for some places to go in town. something along the lines of 
can you help me find a moderately priced 
can you help me find a 
if it is in the 
yes, i need a reservation on 
3 people at 12:15 on 
3 people at 
i am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the 
yes 3 people, two nights on 
yes 
i am departing from the 
can you book the 
great, i need it for 
great, i need it for 5 people for 
can you recommend a restaurant in the center of cambridge that has 
i would like 
yes. i am looking for a 
yes, can i have the phone number? i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
yes, can i have the phone number? i am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a 
yes, can i have the phone number? i am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 
do you have 
no thanks. i also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 
hello, i'd like to book a train on friday that arrives by 
hello, i'd like to book a train on 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from london kings cross station and traveling to 
i will need 
yes, i'm wondering if there are any expensive 
yes, i'm wondering if there are any 
i would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 2 people at 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
i would prefer a price range of 
how about 
how about moderate price range with a star of 
i need a train going to broxbourne that leaves after 8:00 on 
i need a train going to 
i need a train going to broxbourne that leaves after 
that's leaving from 
i'm also looking for information on a hotel called 
i need to find a hotel in the 
uh, i want to find a place to go in town. i really want to look at some of the 
not really. any 
could you look up 
can i book a taxi from 
can i book a taxi from christ's college to 
actually i need to go from the restaurant to the college. i'd like to leave by 
i am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the 
i am looking for a 
can i get it starting 
can i get it starting monday for 3 nights with 
can i get it starting monday for 
i want to try food in cambridge and need to get a train to 
i want to try food in cambridge and need to get a train to stevenage that leaves after 
i want to leave on 
i want to leave on sunday from 
ok, the 15:21 going to stevange on 
find expensive welsh food, or if not welsh, 
find 
sounds good to me. book it for six people at 10:30 on 
sounds good to me. book it for six people at 
great - i do still need to know the travel time for that train, though. the 15:21 train to 
can you book me 
i need to find a train out of king's lynn that will arrive by 
cambridge, and it will be on 
that sounds great. can you book me 
awesome! i also need help finding a place to stay in the 
awesome! i also need help finding a place to stay in the south. 
i would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the 
i would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is i would like it to have a 
i would like a 
yes i'll need it for 
yes i'll need it for sunday for 2 nights and 
yes i'll need it for sunday for 
i would like to try something new, i am looking for an 
i would like to try something new, i am looking for an irish restaurant, preferably in the 
yes, i'd be willing to try 
could you give me the phone number and postcode for the 
yes. i need to find a train going to stansted airport by 
yes. i need to find a train going to 
i would like to leave on 
i need to arrive by 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i'd like a place in the 
yes, i'd like a place in the north with a 
is there a 
and the 
yes i need a 
yes i need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's 
what about 
hello! i'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves 
how about a restaurant that serves 
i need to know if there are any trains that go to 
on 
on friday. i want to leave in the evening after 
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the 
also looking for a place to dine,that is 
sounds delicious. yes, for 13:45 on the same 
sounds delicious. yes, for 
it is the pizza hut city centre. i'd like to eat there on 
it is the 
we'll need a table for 
we'll need a table for 4, please. i'd love it if we can get the 
i also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by 
i need to depart from 
i need to depart from london kings cross and go to 
yes, i will need 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i am seeking an 
how about one in the 
great, also, are there any 
please see if you can find me an indian restaurant on the 
please see if you can find me an 
sure, i think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the 
sure, i think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's 
i need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but 
yes, i'd prefer a guesthouse that's 
yes, i'd prefer a 
how about a hotel that is really cheap? i need a room for 7 for 3 nights on 
how about a hotel that is really cheap? i need a room for 
how about a hotel that is really cheap? i need a room for 7 for 
how about a hotel that is really 
how about a 
yes. it's called the 
book a table for 8 people at 15:45 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 8 people at 
i will be departing from cambridge to norwich on wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by 
i will be departing from cambridge to norwich on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from cambridge to 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
can you give me the phone number of a different, cheap restaurant in the 
can you give me the phone number of a different, 
can you find a hotel by the name of 
great, can you book a room for people please? we would like 3 nights arriving on 
great, can you book a room for people please? we would like 
sorry about that. i would like it for 
please, search another 
what's a good 
yes please, i am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. preferably in the 
yes please, i am looking for a hotel that has 
yes please, i am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is 
4 people. starting 
4 people. starting saturday, 
that's 
any attraction is fine as long as it's in the 
yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is 
i would like something in the 
no particular cuisine i will need a taxi to commute need to leave by 
the 
i also want to book a taxi from 
i also want to book a taxi from parkside pools to the bar. i want to leave around 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
yes, we would like a reservation there for 
16:15 for 
i would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from 
i would like to book it for 5 nights for 
i would like to book it for 
i also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant, leaving at 
i am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 
i am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a 
no thanks. not at this time. i would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to 
i would like to leave after 15:15 on 
i would like to leave after 
yes that works great. can you book 
i'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the 
i'm looking for a nice 
i am not. i do want a table for 5 at 17:30 on 
i am not. i do want a table for 
i am not. i do want a table for 5 at 
are there any 
the location isn't important, maybe just something near the restaurant. i just need the 
can you please help me find a place to stay? i'm looking for an average priced place in a 
does the acorn guest house have free wifi and is it located in the 
does the 
yes, i would like something in the 
yes, i would like something in the south. there will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting 
yes, i would like something in the south. there will be 
yes, i would like something in the south. there will be 
i'm looking for a train arriving by 
i'm looking for a train arriving by 17:15 departing from 
i need to go to bishops' stortford on 
how about a 
how about a 5 star 
i want to know if any trains run on 
i'll be heading to cambridge from stevenage, and i'd like to arrive on sunday by 
i'll be heading to cambridge from stevenage, and i'd like to arrive on 
i'll be heading to cambridge from 
actually, i would prefer a guesthouse is the 
actually, i would prefer a 
okay. i would like to book the archway house for three nights and for one person starting on 
okay. i would like to book the 
can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on 
can you help me find a train departing from 
i am traveling to cambridge, of course! i can leave 
i am traveling to 
i am traveling to cambridge, of course! i can leave norwich anytime after 
yes, that would be fine. i'll need it booked for 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
the hotel should be in the 
the hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 
sure, thanks! will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting 
sure, thanks! will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 
sure, thanks! will you please book it for the same group of 
i want to go to kings lynn on 
i want to go to 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge after 
i also am looking for an expensive 
i also am looking for an 
how about gastropub? in the 
how about 
i need a train that is leaving on 
yes, i need to get to cambridge by 
yes, i need to get to 
yes. i need to book tickets for 
then can i do a search for one that serves 
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i'm not sure where on the 
i am in desperate need of a getaway. can you help me find a 
i like staying on the 
the 
yes please. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on 
yes please. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from 
yes please. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to 
i'd like to leave after 
yes please. i need 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i want a place to stay with 
i'd like one with free parking, located in the 
i'd like one with free parking, located in the north area, and is a 
yes, please book for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 5 people and 
seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun! anyway i need a 
seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun! anyway i need a 0 star 
yes, that would be fine. something in the 
yes, please. i need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, please. i need to book it for 
yes, please. i need to book it for 2 people and 
thank you!, i will need to book a taxi that can depart by 
so i'm planning a trip and i need some information about where to stay in the 
north 
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on 
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 5 people and 
thank you. i would also like to find a 
the hakka sounds good. can you book it for 5 people on 
the hakka sounds good. can you book it for 
the 
i would like it at 18:4
i would like it at 
to the restaurant, i would like to arrive before the reservation time of 
i'm looking for some 
i am also looking for a place to dine. i need something moderately priced in the city's 
i am also looking for a place to dine. i need something 
go ahead and suggest a moderately priced one in the 
go ahead and suggest a 
please reserve a table for 5 people at 11:00 on 
please reserve a table for 
please reserve a table for 5 people at 
are there any fun places to go in the 
no but it needs to be in the 
i would rather have a hotel. i need it for 
i would rather have a hotel. i need it for 8 people for 
i would rather have a 
the ashley hotel sounds great. can you reserve a room on 
the ashley hotel sounds great. can you reserve a room on thursday for 
the ashley hotel sounds great. can you reserve a room on thursday for 8 people, 
the 
the ashley 
yes please, i'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel. i'd like to leave the pool by 
i'm looking for a train, but i don't want to have to get up too early. there's something that leaves after 
i need to get to stansted airport on 
i need to get to 
book for 
thanks! could you also help me find somewhere 
a 
sure. the two of us want to stay for two nights starting 
hello, we're planning on a trip to cambridge and would like lodging info. can you tell us if there is a hotel in the economical range near the 
hello, we're planning on a trip to cambridge and would like lodging info. can you tell us if there is a 
i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
sounds great! can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
sounds great! can you book it for 
sounds great! can you book it for 5 people and 
hi, i am looking for a 
i would prefer to keep it in the 
no, not really. just needs to be in the 
yes, i would. can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, i would. can you book it for 
yes, i would. can you book it for 2 people for 
i am also looking for a resturant called nandos city 
i am also looking for a resturant called nandos city centre. can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 17:00 on 
i am also looking for a resturant called nandos city centre. can you make a reservation there for 
i am also looking for a resturant called nandos city centre. can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 
i am also looking for a resturant called 
i need some help finding a place to stay with a 
i prefer the 
yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 3 people for 
i would like something near the 
i'm looking for a 
i also need to find portuguese restaurant in the 
i also need to find 
i want something in the 
what about 
thanks! i also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of 
actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 
actually, if you don't have any 1 star 
i do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
i do not care book it for 
i do not care book it for 
thank you. can you help me find a place to go? maybe a 
yes, what was the name of the 
can i get a taxi between 
i would like to leave the park by 
i am looking for 
i also need a place to stay. i am thinking a guesthouse in the 
i also need a place to stay. i am thinking a 
can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star? if so, i will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on 
can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star? if so, i will need to book it for 
can you try for 
i want to leave the hotel at 
i am looking for restaurants in the 
i'd like a 
can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap indian restaurant in the 
can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap 
can you give me the name and phone number of a 
i need a train to 
i need a train to stansted airport that leaves after 
i will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from cambridge on 
i will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from 
yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the 
perfect, can you book it for 
perfect, can you book it for 5 people on the same day at 
can we try for 1
can we try for 
i am looking for a place to eat in town 
it doesn't matter as long as it is 
i don't care about the cuisine. would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on 
i don't care about the cuisine. would you book a table for 
i don't care about the cuisine. would you book a table for 4 people at 
hi, i'm interested in finding something to do on the 
hi, i'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. are there any 
yes please. i would like to get the address and postcode for the 
yes please. i would like to get the address and postcode for the river
ok, i need a restaurant in the 
ok, i need a restaurant in the north side that serves 
whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on 
whichever one would be able to be booked for 
whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 
i'd like to be picked up from the 
i'd like to be picked up from the georgina, and please make sure i'm there before my booking at 
i want an 
i want an expensive 
i dont have any preference when it comes to where it is. as long as it is 
then how about one in the 
yes, i would. i need 3 nights, 
yes, i would. i need 
yes, i would. i need 3 nights, 7 people, starting wednedady. i need the reference number. i also need a train to cambridge after 1
great! now could you help me book a train from stevenage going to cambridge on 
i need a place to dine at in the 
i need a place to dine at in the south that serves 
is it in the 
i ant to leave the attraction by 
hey, i'm trying to find a restaurant called 
yes please. i would like a reservation for 
yes please. i would like a reservation for 4 people at 
please find a restaurant called 
i think it would be great to try european food. do you think they would accept a reservation for a party of 
i think it would be great to try 
yes, for 7 people at 16:45 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 7 people at 
i'm also looking for a college to visit in the 
i'm also looking for a 
i also need a taxi that will get me from the college to the restaurant by 
while in cambridge i would really like to know where to find a place to eat called 
scratch that, i'll book it myself. now i just need to find a place to stay, a hotel with a 
yes i would prefer that it's in the 
yes i would prefer that it's in the west. and i need free parking. that is a 
i would like a 
no thank you, would you book a taxi for me? i want to be picked up at 
no thank you, would you book a taxi for me? i want to be picked up at meghna and leave by 
the 
i also need the phone number for the restaurant that you booked for me, the 
i'd like for it to start on 
i'm also looking for a train that gets in to 
i'm also looking for a train that gets in to cambridge that day. i won't be able to leave until after 
i'm looking to come from 
i need to come to cambridge on 
i need to come to cambridge on sunday and i'd like to take a train. do you have anything leaving out of 
i need to come to 
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to arrive in 
i am also looking for information on a hotel called 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 5 people for 
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
that would need helpful 
i would like a place in the 
i am actually looking to eat 
how about 
yeah, i'm hoping to find a 
i don't have an area preference but it should have a star of 
i need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on 
i need help finding a train from 
i need help finding a train from leicester to 
i need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on sunday after 
can you tell me about any cheap priced 
can you tell me about any 
i'd like a place in the 
zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on 
zizzi please, can you book me for 
zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on saturday at 
thanks! i also need to find a 
there will be 
we need to check in on 
id like to eat at an expensive 
id like to eat at an 
how about in the city 
can you see which ones have availability 
can you see which ones have availability sunday at 19:15 for 
can you see which ones have availability sunday at 
hello, i am looking for information on a restaurant name 
i'd like to reserve a table for 7 on 
i'd like to reserve a table for 
i'd like to reserve a table for 7 on thursday, at 
what about 
great, thanks! i'll also need a train leaving after 11:45 on 
great, thanks! i'll also need a train leaving after 
i would like to go to 
yes please book it for 
i am looking for a train that departs on 
actually, i'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the 
no thank you. i was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. is there a park on the 
no thank you. i was actually looking for a 
yes, could you give me the postcode for 
yes, could you give me the postcode for wandlebury country 
is there a hotel called 
yes, i want to book it starting 
yes, i want to book it starting wednesday for 
yes, i want to book it starting wednesday for 
i would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 
can you please help me find a cheap 
can you please help me find a 
it doesn't matter what area. can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on 
it doesn't matter what area. can you book a table for 
it doesn't matter what area. can you book a table for 2 people at 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
7 people at 19:15 and can we do that on 
7 people at 
i am also looking for a train leaving on 
i am also looking for a train leaving on tuesday from 
i would like to get to ely by 
i would like to get to 
yes please, i'll need it for 
yes, i would like to see a 
i am also looking for the restaurant 
can you give me more information about 
hello, i am planing to visit cambridge and i am looking for a 
that's great thanks. also i need a hotel in the 
not really, just get me one with 
the 
find me a place called 
yes, please book a table for 3 at 12:15 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 3 at 
i am looking for a cuban food place, in the 
i am looking for a 
can you check again? the only thing i'm interested in is a moderately priced cuban restaurant in the 
can you check again? the only thing i'm interested in is a moderately priced 
do you have a moderately priced indian restaurant in the 
do you have a moderately priced 
do you have a 
i will try the curry prince. can you book a table for 4 people on 
i will try the curry prince. can you book a table for 
i will try the curry prince. can you book a table for 4 people on monday at 
i will try the 
thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat. i have the reference number t
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve modern american food and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
do you have a similar restaurant that is close to 
i'm sorry i misread that you said north american. if there's no modern american, then can you try 
expensive 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like it to be in the 
is there anything in the 
yes i would prefer a 
i need a train that will leave 
i need a train that will leave monday ggo to 
i need a train that will leave monday ggo to cambridge at 
i will be leaving 
okay. i also need to find a guesthouse to stay in the 
okay. i also need to find a 
i prefer an expensive hotel in the 
i prefer an 
how about one in the 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
great, yes please. there will be 7 of us arriving on 
great, yes please. there will be 
great, yes please. there will be 7 of us arriving on wednesday. we'd like to stay for 
i would like a moderately priced 
i would like a 
how about moderately priced 
how about 
could you help me find 
can you book a room for me there? we'll be arriving on 
can you book a room for me there? we'll be arriving on saturday and need to stay 4 nights. there will be 
can you book a room for me there? we'll be arriving on saturday and need to stay 
i'm looking for a place to stay. are there any guesthouses that are 
i'm looking for a place to stay. are there any 
no, i really don't care what area, but i would like it to have a 
yes. i'll need it for 4 people starting on 
yes. i'll need it for 
yes. i'll need it for 4 people starting on saturday. we'll be there for 
yes. i'll need it for 
well, is it available for at least 
well, is it available for at least 
well, is it available for at least 
actually, i misspoke. i need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting 
actually, i misspoke. i need the room for 
actually, i misspoke. i need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting saturday. if that doesn't work, 
actually, i misspoke. i need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting saturday. if that doesn't work, 
you may help me by finding a 
can you book the 
i'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on 
i'd like to book a table for two around 
thanks. next can i get some info on theatre's in the 
thanks. next can i get some info on 
i would also like to know about any attractions that is in the 
i would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a 
could i get the address for the 
could i get the address for the cambridge arts 
can you navigate me to a 
do you have a place with free wifi in the 
do you have a place with free wifi in the cheap range with a star of 
looking for something with 
sorry, how silly of me. i want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. a 
sorry, how silly of me. i want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. a cheap 
sorry, how silly of me. i want to stay at a 
i am looking for information on attractions in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a expensive 
are there any 
are there any expensive 
sure, i'll go with a 
i also need a train arriving by 
i also need a train arriving by 17:45 on 
sorry the train should arrive in leicester by 
sorry the train should arrive in leicester by 17:45 and depart from cambridge on 
sorry the train should arrive in leicester by 17:45 and depart from 
sorry the train should arrive in 
oops, sorry. i should have given you more info. i am wanting to find a train to get me to 
me and 6 of my friends want to leave sometime after 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
yes, for 
can i get an 
can i get an expensive place to stay? a hotel more specifcally, 
i'm needing a place to stay that is in the 
i would prefer a hotel with 
i would prefer a 
i want a moderately priced restaurant and serves 
i want a 
hello, i need to take a train to norwich on 
hello, i need to take a train to 
cambridge and should leave after 
yes please book tr6524 on 
yes please book tr6524 on tuesday leaving at 14:45 going to norwich from 
yes please book tr6524 on tuesday leaving at 14:45 going to 
yes please book tr6524 on tuesday leaving at 
yes please, i'm looking for a 
yes, i'm celebrating a special occasion, so money is no object. is a and b an 
yes, i'm celebrating a special occasion, so money is no object. is a and b an expensive, 4-star 
yes i am rich i need 
how about a 
yes, please book for 5 people, for 4 nights starting on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 5 people, for 
do you have any restaurants that serve 
what about a restaurant that serves 
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse that's in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i'd prefer a 
i'd prefer a cheap 
yes, please. i would like to book a room starting 
yes, please. i would like to book a room starting wednesday for 
yes, please. i would like to book a room starting wednesday for 5 people, 
i will be travelling from ely to cambridge on 
i'd like to leave after 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge after 
i am looking to travel 
i am looking to travel friday and head to 
i would like an expensive 
i would like an 
yes, 3 people at 10:15 on 
yes, 
yes, 3 people at 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm hoping to have some 
the first one sounds nice. i'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at 13:30 on 
the first one sounds nice. i'd like to make a reservation for 
the first one sounds nice. i'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at 
i am also looking for a train that goes to 
i'd like to leave on friday and get there by 
i'd like to leave on 
i'll be departing from 
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
are there any guesthouses in the 
are there any 
it needs to be 
can i have the address for 
i am looking for a place serving christmas food in the 
i am looking for a place serving 
do you have any 
i actually would prefer 
i actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the 
are there any other options for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
the 
it needs to start on 
how about for 
actually i need the reservation to be for 4 nights, 6 people, starting from 
actually i need the reservation to be for 4 nights, 
actually i need the reservation to be for 
finches bed and breakfast. i would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on 
finches bed and breakfast. i would like to book it for 
finches bed and breakfast. i would like to book it for 1 person and 
im also looking for a place to go in the 
it should be a 
no thank you. i would like a taxi, leaving 
no thank you. i would like a taxi, leaving the junction by 
hello, i am looking for a hotel in the 
hello, i am looking for a hotel in the south that is 
hello, i am looking for a 
i'd prefer a hotel. it should have a 
i'd prefer a 
okay, do you have any hotels with a 
okay, do you have any 
i guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, we'll be there on 
i guess that's fine, book it for 
i guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 
yes, i'm also looking for info on 
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 
yes i do. i want to leave the hotel by 
i'd like to find a train going to cambridge that leaves on 
i'd like to find a train going to 
i would be leaving from peterborough. i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i would be leaving from 
i would be leaving from peterborough. i need to arrive in 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
i am looking for some info on 
that sounds right. could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on 
that sounds right. could you reserve a table for 
that sounds right. could you reserve a table for 6 at 
can you try for 
i need a 
i need a 3 star hotel in cambridge, that offers a 
if this 
before i book, is the 
great can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting 
great can you book that for 
great can you book that for 1 person for 
great can you book that for 1 person for 
yes, i am also looking for a 
yes, are there any 
i'd like to book one for the same group of people at 
i'd like to book one for the same group of people at 
how about 
how about 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'm looking for some local restaurants. i would like to find some located in the 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'm looking for some local restaurants. i would like to find some located in the centre and of 
are there any restaurants that serve 
how about 
yea! please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on 
yea! please book a table for 
yea! please book a table for 2 people at 
can you try 
please. book it for 2 people on 
please. book it for 
hi, i'm interested in getting some information about the 
no, thanks. could you recommend a hotel in the 
i actually don't need reservations just information. what can you tell me about the 
i want to leave the hotel at 
i need it to arrive by 
i need it to arrive by 19:45 on 
i need it to arrive by 19:45 on sunday and i'm leaving from 
yes, i'd like to book it for 
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the 
can you find me an 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
sure, how about some 
are all three of these expensive restaurants? if so i'd like to try the 
are all three of these 
could you give me some information on getting a train to cambridge on 
could you give me some information on getting a train to 
yes, i want to leave 
yes, i want to leave london liverpool street sometime after 
yes, can you book that for 
i am also looking for a expensive restaurant located in the 
i am also looking for a 
sounds great, can you reserve us a table? same 
sounds great, can you reserve us a table? same 2 people and on the same day. we'd like to eat at 
i am looking for a place to stay that is a 
that will do. and that is for 2 people for 2 nights starting 
that will do. and that is for 
that will do. and that is for 
i am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving 
i am looking for a place to eat in the 
the 
yes. could you please make a reservation for 
yes. could you please make a reservation for saturday for 
yes. could you please make a reservation for saturday for 7 people at 
how about 
i am looking for a place to eat in the 
do you have anything serving 
okay, how about one that serves 
yes, a reservation would be great. let's say 
yes, a reservation would be great. let's say friday for 
yes, a reservation would be great. let's say friday for 6 people at 
thank you! i'm also looking for a train leaving cambridge. i'll need to arrive by 
thank you! i'm also looking for a train leaving 
well, i need to go to bishops stortford. will that train go there on 
well, i need to go to 
no specific area. i would like it to have free wifi and 
i am not particular as long as it has a 
i am not particular as long as it has a 2 star rating, free wifi and is a 
sure, i need a 
sure, i need a 4 star 
that sounds good. i'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on 
that sounds good. i'd like to book a room for 
that sounds good. i'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on saturday and lasting 
i'm looking for info on 
hello, i'm looking for a 
can you book it for me for 3 people at 14:00 on 
can you book it for me for 
can you book it for me for 3 people at 
yes. i will need it for three nights, 3 people starting 
yes. i will need it for three nights, 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i'm trying to find a hotel in the 
yes, i'm trying to find a hotel in the south with a 
yes, i'm trying to find a 
ok, let's try the same other criteria but how about a 
no but can i get the address and postcode for 
thanks. i'm also looking for a 
can you confirm if cineworld cinema is in the 
can you confirm if 
can i get the fee and the phone number for 
can i get the fee and the phone number for cineworld 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
in the 
in the centre of town please. i am looking to stay in the 
yes, could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on 
yes, could you please book it for 
yes, could you please book it for 6 people at 
either will do. are there by any chance any 
either will do. are there by any chance any cheap 
please book alexander bed and breakfast for 4 people and 5 nights starting on 
please book alexander bed and breakfast for 
please book alexander bed and breakfast for 4 people and 
please book 
please book alexander bed and breakfast for 
i'm also looking for an 
i need a train to 
i need a train to cambridge, leaving after 
i'll be leaving from norwich on 
i'll be leaving from 
great, please book that. i would also like to book a hotel, called 
can you book the hotel for 4 people starting 
can you book the hotel for 
can you book the hotel for 
yes, it;s called the 
yes i need it booked for 8 people on 
yes i need it booked for 
yes i need it booked for 8 people on monday at 
thank you. if that one fails, thursday would be good as well. please provide the reference number. i also need a hotel, at least 
i do not mind the area. just free wifi and i like to only have 
can you find me a 
i prefer a 
are any of them in the 
the restaurant reservation is at 
i have a restaurant reservation, i need a hotel now. 
i have a restaurant reservation, i need a 
yes 8 people, 4 nights on 
yes 
i will need it for 
i will need it for 
just free wifi and free parking. 
just free wifi and free parking. moderate priced and should be a 
there will be 5 of us staying for 2 nights. we would like to start on 
there will be 
there will be 5 of us staying for 
how about a different 
oh, wait, i think i made a mistake, we're actually arriving on 
a friend of mine mentioned this attraction called 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the east in the 
what's the star rating? i want to stay at a 
let's try for 
i'm looking for a cheap 4 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
please recommend the best one, i need to book a stay for 7 people starting 
please recommend the best one, i need to book a stay for 
please recommend the best one, i need to book a stay for 7 people starting thursday for 
thanks! are there any cheap 
thanks! are there any 
how about 
how about indian restaurant with 
i would prefer one that is located in the 
there will be 
i would like the table at 
can you get me information on a hotel called 
i would like to book this hotel for 4 people and 2 nights for 
i would like to book this hotel for 
i would like to book this hotel for 4 people and 
i want to travel on 
i'd like to arrive by 
i want to know if there are any places serving belgian food in the 
i want to know if there are any places serving 
let's try a place serving 
that works for me. can you reserve a table for 3 people on 
that works for me. can you reserve a table for 
that works for me. can you reserve a table for 3 people on sunday at 
thank you for taking care of the restaurant. i now need help with a specific hotel called 
are there any proper hotels in the 
are there any proper 
ok, are there any hotels in the cheap price range in the 
ok, are there any hotels in the 
ok, are there any 
can we check for 
i don't need a reservation right now, but does 
i am looking for a train that departs from 
i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge. it needs to leave after 
i need to go to stansted airport and i want to leave on 
i need to go to 
i need to leave after 
yes please. i also need a place to stay, preferably in the 
a 
is finches located in the 
is 
hi there. i was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a 
that sounds good. please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting on 
that sounds good. please book it for 
that sounds good. please book it for 1 person and 
i'm looking for a place to stay that has 
i think i need it to be in the 
i think i need it to be in the centre. i probably prefer a 
sure. i need a room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
sure. i need a room for 
sure. i need a room for 
sure. i need a room for 
thanks. now that the hotel is set, i need to book a train for 
thanks. now that the 
yes, i am leaving from cambridge and i will need to arrive by 
yes, i am leaving from 
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves 
yes please, is there any restaurant serve 
i need a cheap restuarant. probably in the 
i need a 
i'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge. i'd like to eat 
okay, how about some 
sure, can you book that for me? starting 
sure, can you book that for me? starting friday, 2 nights, and 
sure, can you book that for me? starting friday, 
find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from 
find me a place to dine on some 
how about 
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on 
you can help me to book a table for 
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train to get me to cambridge from 
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train to get me to 
i would like 
can you pick one and get me 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i want some 
i want some light bites food, and 
how about one that serves 
yes i would like to book a table for 2 at 12:30 on 
yes i would like to book a table for 
yes i would like to book a table for 2 at 
yes i would like information on 
what is the phone number for 
i also am looking for a hotel called 
can i get the address for the 
while i am visiting cambridge, i would like to stay at the 
book me a room there for 2 night with 6 people, starting 
book me a room there for 2 night with 
book me a room there for 
i'd like a cheap restaurant in the 
i'd like a 
i would like 
let's go with charlie chan for 6 people at 15:45 
let's go with charlie chan for 
let's go with charlie chan for 6 people at 
let's go with 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
how about 
i've heard good things about the 
yes, i also need a train to cambridge from 
yes, i also need a train to 
wednesday and needs to arrive by 
i don't need to book right now. what time does this train depart from 
hi! i'm planning my trip to cambridge and i was wondering if you had information on any mediterranean restaurants located in the 
hi! i'm planning my trip to cambridge and i was wondering if you had information on any 
not really but i would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 16:45 on a 
not really but i would like to make a reservation for 
not really but i would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 
i don't seem to have a preference but i wiukd like a 
i also need to get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant. i need it to arrive at 
i need to book a train from 
i need to book a train from norwich to 
i need to leave on monday and arrive by 
i need to leave on 
try 
can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. it will be for 
can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. it will be for 5 people at 
can we get a restaurant in the 
could you try for 
i'm looking for a swimming pool in the 
i would like 
i would like asian oriental food in the 
yes please book a table for 1 person at 14:45 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 1 person at 
yes. i will also need a taxi to take me from 
yes. i will also need a taxi to take me from jesus green outdoor pool to 
i would like to the information for the one 
i am actually looking for a boat attraction in the 
i am actually looking for a 
yes i would like to find a restaurant that serves 
yes i would like to find a restaurant that serves german food that is 
what about 
yes, please. i would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on 
yes, please. i would like it to be for 
yes, please. i would like it to be for 4 people at 
i also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 
i need a train to leave cambridge and arrive by 
i need a train to leave 
my destination is going to be 
i should leave on 
great. can you book me 
i also want to eat modern european in the 
i also want to eat 
yes, please, make it for the same group (
yes, please, make it for the same group (7 people), 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. i would prefer a 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a cheap hotel with a rating of 
yes that will be fine. i will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 4 nights 5 days beginning 
yes that will be fine. i will be needing accommodations for 
yes that will be fine. i will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 
okay, thank you. i would also like to go to a 
no thank you. could you recommend your favorite 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes, i am searching for a particular attraction named 
yes, please provide more information about 
i will need a taxi to commute between 
i will need a taxi to commute between thanh binh and 
i will need a taxi to commute between thanh binh and old schools. i need to leave thanh binh by 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
is there anything else in the moderate price range on the 
is there anything else in the 
i am looking for an entertainment attraction in the 
i am looking for an 
could you tell me about the types of museums in the 
could you tell me about the types of 
the 
the history of science 
yes, i'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the 
yes, i'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with 
no. i would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. it doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be 
no. i would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. it doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 
4 nights starting 
please book me a taxi leaving the 
please book me a taxi leaving the history of science museum back to the 
please book me a taxi leaving the history of science museum back to the gonville hotel. i need to leave the museum by 
i need to find a train to 
i need to leave from cambridge and arrive by 
i need to leave from 
i need to leave from cambridge and arrive by 14:30 in 
yes, i'd like to leave 
i need a hotel in the 
i need a hotel in the west , free parking is not necessary but it should be rated 
sounds great. can i get more information on 
on 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
yes it can be in 
yes it can be in centre. i would like to book it for 1 person at 20:00 on 
yes it can be in centre. i would like to book it for 
yes it can be in centre. i would like to book it for 1 person at 
i'd like to find a guesthouse in the 
i'd like to find a guesthouse in the north. i want it to have 
i'd like to find a 
are there any 
is there a room at the lovell lodge available for 1 person on 
is there a room at the lovell lodge available for 
great, thanks! now i'd just like a taxi to take me from lovell lodge to saffron brasserie by 
great, thanks! now i'd just like a taxi to take me from 
great, thanks! now i'd just like a taxi to take me from lovell lodge to 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
i am looking for information on a hotel called 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a british restaurant in a 
i am looking for something in the cheap price range in the 
i am looking for something in the 
can you please book it? i'd like to stay for five nights beginning on 
i'm also looking for information on an attraction called 
yes, i also need a taxi to go between the two. i want to leave 
yes, i also need a taxi to go between the two. i want to leave nusha by 
could you verify for me that the 
i'm looking for a cheap guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
can you book the 4-star place? there will be 8 of us staying for 5 nights, and we'll be arriving on 
can you book the 4-star place? there will be 
can you book the 4-star place? there will be 8 of us staying for 
departing from 
departing from peterborough and leaving after 
it will be on 
can you find me a place with free parking to stay in the 
a 
please book me that 
what is the price range, address and phone number of the 
i'm also looking for a really nice restaurant that serves 
i would like a table for 5 on 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 5 on sunday at 
yes, can i have a table for 
yes, i need a taxi to commute between the two places. i need to arrive to the restaurant by 
i am looking to visit the 
can i get some information about the 
the 
could i get the phone number of the 
could i get the phone number of the 
yes please. i need a reservation for a particular restaurant called 
yes, 
yes, wednesday at 1
yes, wednesday at 
could you help me find a 
thanks, i also need a train to go to 
i want to leave from bishops stortford and arrive by 
i want to leave from 
i would like to leave on 
i'm looking to visit a 
sounds great, thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
sounds great, thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. as long as its a gastropub in the 
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 8 on 
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. as long as its a 
i need to arrive at the restaurant by 
hello, i am in need of a 4 star place to stay in the 
hello, i am in need of a 
is that a guesthouse? if so, can you book me a room for 
is that a guesthouse? if so, can you book me a room for sunday for 
is that a guesthouse? if so, can you book me a room for sunday for 5 people, 
is that a 
i'm sorry, i think i'm spending too much money on this trip. can you look for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm sorry, i think i'm spending too much money on this trip. can you look for a cheap restaurant in the north that serves 
i'm sorry, i think i'm spending too much money on this trip. can you look for a 
is there a cheap 
is there a 
yes please, 5 people, 15:00 on 
yes please, 
yes please, 5 people, 
i want to arrive at da vinci pizzeria by 
i want to arrive at 
can you help me find a train departing from 
can you help me find a train departing from birmingham new street going to 
train should arrive by 
train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on 
that would be great. i also would like to book a 
yes. it should have 
maybe a star rating of 
i need the reservation to be for 
i need the reservation to be for 
on 
can you find me a 
can you find me a turkish restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from birmingham new street to 
sure, 
sure, wednesday i would like to leave after 
yes but can you make a booking for 
hi. i'm looking for a train going to kings lynn on 
hi. i'm looking for a train going to 
i would definitely like to arrive by 
no. i just need to arrive by 
i would like one in the 
does it have a 
are there any 
are there any 1 star 
i guess the 
i want to find a place to stay in the 
yes, i would prefer a 
that sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? i will be there 
that sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? i will be there sunday with 
that sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? i will be there sunday with 3 people and we will stay for 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a 
it should be 
oh thats great. please assist to book that for 5 nights starting from 
oh thats great. please assist to book that for 
yes, i'm looking for entertainment attractions located in the 
yes, i'm looking for 
okay, perhaps you can find a 
i want to leave the attraction at 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves 
is there any restaurant in the 
is there any restaurant in the east that serves 
expensive would be good. and i prefer the 
i need to find a 
i would like a 
i'm not concerned about area, but i do need a 
are you sure? it does 
i think a bed and breakfast would be fine. i just need a 
i think a bed and breakfast would be fine. i just need a moderate price range 
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes, i want to book it for 
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 
i also need to book a table for 1 on 
i also need to book a table for 
i also need to book a table for 1 on thursday at 
i also need to book a table for 1 on thursday at 16:45 at 
i will need a taxi that will take me from the avalon to the india house by 
i will need a taxi that will take me from the 
i will need a taxi that will take me from the avalon to the 
i'd like to find an attraction to visit. something in the 
am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the 
how about one that serves 
no but how about one that serves 
yes i need an attraction in the 
i also need a 
is there a restaurant in the 
is there a restaurant in the west that serves 
hello, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i'm looking for an 
yes, i'm looking for a train that's heading to cambridge by 
yes, i'm looking for a train that's heading to 
i'm departing leicaster on 
are you sure there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on 
are you sure there are no trains from 
are you sure there are no trains from leicester to 
i need to find a restaurant in the 
i don't have a price range. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
how about 
hello, i'm looking for places to go in town when i visit cambridge. what kind of entertainment attractions are there available in the 
hello, i'm looking for places to go in town when i visit cambridge. what kind of 
how about a swimming pool in 
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 3 people and 
i also want to book a stay at 
i need to find a 
i need to find a moderately priced 
i need a place in the 
not worried about parking. i am looking for a hotel that would be available starting 
not worried about parking. i am looking for a hotel that would be available starting monday for 4 nights for 
not worried about parking. i am looking for a hotel that would be available starting monday for 
sounds great. i want to book the hotel for 6 people. we will be there for 4 nights and arrive on 
sounds great. i want to book the hotel for 
sounds great. i want to book the hotel for 6 people. we will be there for 
i'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to cambridge. anything with a 
i'm looking for a nice 
possibly, does this 
i am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the area that serves 
i am also looking for a 
what price range do you have for 
are there any that serve 
thank you. the last thing i think i need is a taxi. to pick me up at the restaurant by 
do you have a one in the 
do you have a one in the centre that is a 
is it a 
are there any guesthouses in the 
are there any 
i am looking for a attraction called 
actually never mind. i would actually like just find a place to stay in the cheap price range in the 
actually never mind. i would actually like just find a place to stay in the 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the west. it'll be for 3 people and 4 nights starting 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the west. it'll be for 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the 
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 
the 
the price range is on the expensive side and i would like if they provide free wifi and parking. i want the hotel to be located on the 
the price range is on the 
yes, i would like to find a hotel in the 
that sounds perfect. i need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting 
that sounds perfect. i need it for 3 nights and 
that sounds perfect. i need it for 
thanks. i am also looking for a train to 
thanks. i am also looking for a train to broxbourne from 
i am leaving on 
i would like a 
ok, please book for 4 nights beginning 
ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 
ok, please book for 
ok, please book for 
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on 
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in 
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to 
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 
would you help me book a train for 
i would like to go to 
i will be leaving from 
i would like to leave after 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 
i would like a 
i would like a cheaper 
is that for 2 people? and i need it for 5 nights starting 
is that for 
is that for 2 people? and i need it for 
i prefer a 
in the 
i am looking for the price range of the hotel 
can you help me find a 
yes, what about 
if you find a 
what kind of restaurants are on the 
i would like an 
can you direct me to hotel in the 
can you direct me to 
i need a 
yes, 5 people 2 nights from 
yes, 
yes, 5 people 
i'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i really need something in the 
i really need something in the east part of town. how about 
what can you tell me about the 
can you book a table there for me? there will be 6 of us at 16:45 on 
can you book a table there for me? there will be 
can you book a table there for me? there will be 6 of us at 
yes, i'm looking for a hotel in the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
i would like a 
i would like a 0 star 
can you book it for 6 people. we will need it for 4 days starting on 
can you book it for 
i guess it's ok if they have it, as long as they won't charge me for not using it. but 
are there any in the 
i need it for 7 people for 4 nights staring from 
i need it for 
i need it for 7 people for 
i need it for 7 people for 
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star and 
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be a 
i was hoping for something in the 
okay, can you check for one that falls in the 
sure, i would like autumn house and i need to book it for 8 people, 5 nights, and the stay starting on 
sure, i would like autumn house and i need to book it for 
sure, i would like autumn house and i need to book it for 8 people, 
sure, i would like 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
i would like something in the 
yes, please. i need a table for 3 at 18:30 on 
yes, please. i need a table for 
yes, please. i need a table for 3 at 
i also need a place to stay, the hotel should also be the 
for 3 people and for 2 nights, starting on 
for 
how about an 
that sounds like a nice hotel. is that located in the 
hi, i'm looking for information on a restaurant called 
yes, please. i will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on 
yes, please. i will need a table for 
yes, please. i will need a table for 4 at 
can you also help me with places to go in the 
can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? i'm looking for 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i want a restaurant that serves 
are there any 
yes, please book it for around 20:00 for 
yes, please book it for around 
i am looking for a place to dine in the 
check for 
yes, i am also looking for a 
i would like it near the 
i need to find out if there's a train going to 
i need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 
yes i will be leaving on 
yes. i need it for 
great i also need to stay at the 
i'm looking for information on a hotel called the 
i need to stay for 5 nights. we'll be arriving on 
i need to stay for 
lensfield sounds perfect. i will need 
3 for 5 nights starting 
3 for 
i need a cab by 
yes it is 
still need a cab by my booked time, 
yes, expensive french food for 3 people at 
i need to make a reservation! an expensive french restaurant 3 people on monday at 
i would like to go to a nightclub in the 
i would like to go to a 
what is the postcode for 
what is the postcode for soul tree 
yes. are there any north 
i would like something 
actually, can you check for a chinese restaurant in the 
i was, but since there's no cheap indian food in the 
i was, but since there's no cheap indian food in the north i want to see if there's any cheap 
i was, but since there's no 
are there any chinese restaurants that are cheap in the 
are there any 
are there any chinese restaurants that are 
do you have any cheap chinese restaurants in the 
do you have any cheap 
do you have any 
hello. i would like some information about the 
yes i'd like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting 
yes i'd like to book it for 
yes i'd like to book it for 4 people for 
how about 
thanks. i also need a train from 
thanks. i also need a train from kings lynn on that day, leaving after 
what's available in the 
what's available in the centre, in the way of 
i'm planning my trip in cambridge and i need a train. it should arrive by 
i'm planning my trip in cambridge and i need a train. it should arrive by 20:15 and leave on 
i'm planning my trip in 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from cambridge, and i'm headed to 
i need 
i also need an expensive place to eat in the 
i also need an 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
let's go with a 4 star hotel, i'll need 5 nights for 2 people, starting on 
let's go with a 4 star hotel, i'll need 5 nights for 
let's go with a 4 star hotel, i'll need 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
i would prefer it to be in the 
yes, please book 
yes, please book friday at 16:00 for 
yes, please book friday at 
i'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, i think she called it the 
sure, and can you book it for 
sure, and can you book it for friday at 12:00 for 
sure, and can you book it for friday at 
what is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the 
what is the address and phone number of a 
can you help me find a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
yes, a table for one on 
yes, a table for one on wednesday at 
sorry i need to book a hotel first. do you have a 
no reservation, just a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant arriving by 
can you find a hotel named 
i would also like a train that leaves on tuesday and arrive by 
i would also like a train that leaves on 
i will be going from 
i will be going from cambridge to 
i need to arrive by 
hi! i am looking to find information about the 
thank you. do you have any good 
how about 
sala thong will do. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on 
sala thong will do. i would like to book a table for 
sala thong will do. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 
greetings, got any 
i would like to eat in the 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 4 at 
sounds good. i'd like to book for 2 nights starting 
i would like it booked for 
hello i am looking for a train leaving from 
hello i am looking for a train leaving from ely and arriving at 
monday leaving after 
i am also looking to get some 
no i want somewhere cheap in the 
no i want somewhere 
yes. please reserve for 3 people on 
yes. please reserve for 
yes. please reserve for 3 people on monday at 
good afternoon, can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town 
good afternoon, can you help me find an 
it should be a 
yes, that sounds good. could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on 
yes, that sounds good. could you reserve a room for 
yes, that sounds good. could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on saturday? i think we'll stay for 
hello, can you recommend an 
i was hoping to find a place that serves 
an expensive indian restaurant in the 
an expensive 
an 
i'm really looking for an indian restaurant in the expensive price range in the town 
i'm really looking for an 
i'm really looking for an indian restaurant in the 
can you book me at the 
my apologies, i actually do not need the hotel booked, but i do need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a 4 star 
i don't care about the area but i need it to be 
yes, please. i need four nights starting 
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the city 
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe 
okay. what about one that serves 
yes. let's say 
i need a train to bishops stortford on tuesday that can get me there by 
i need a train to bishops stortford on 
i need a train to 
when does the train leave 
okay, thanks. now could you also help me find a cheap persian restaurant in the 
okay, thanks. now could you also help me find a cheap 
okay, thanks. now could you also help me find a 
how about 
yes book a table for 6 at 16:00 on 
yes book a table for 
yes book a table for 6 at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
great. is there one that serves 
let's go with shiraz. i need a booking for 5 at 16:30 on 
let's go with shiraz. i need a booking for 
let's go with shiraz. i need a booking for 5 at 
let's go with 
i am also looking for a four star 
i want it to be a 
i want it to be a 4 star 
starting 
starting saturday for 4 people for 
maybe the 
is it available on 
yes. please book it for 4 people and 5 nights beginning 
yes. please book it for 4 people and 
i need a 
i would like to stay in the 
i am actually looking for a 
is sure would. can you book a room for 2 people for 2 nights on 
is sure would. can you book a room for 
is sure would. can you book a room for 
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the 
can you find me an 
i want chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the 
i want 
excellent, lets try hk fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on 
excellent, lets try hk fusion for 
excellent, lets try hk fusion for 5 people at 
excellent, lets try 
please, try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on 
please, try booking anytime between 20:1
any other place in the 
any other place in the centre, same 
i'd like to attend an architecture related attraction in the 
i'd like to attend an 
thanks. i am also looking for an 
in the 
how about something in the 
let's try the 
thank you, i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from 
thank you, i would like to book it for 
thank you, i would like to book it for 8 people for 
hello, can you help me locate swimming pools on the 
yes, please. i would like a restaurant in the same area that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
i also need to book a room in a 
a hotel in the 
yes please. i'll need to for 5 nights starting on 
yes please. i'll need to for 
yes please. i'll need to for 
i also need to get a taxi to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
what about an 
i am looking for a train that will depart from 
i am looking for a train that will depart from cambridge and will arrive to 
i will be leaving on 
i will be leaving on friday after 
in the 
sounds good, can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and 
sounds good, can you lookup places to stay that are 
how about in the 
i'd like the 
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from 
book it for 
book it for 8 peple and 
book it for 8 peple and 
i need to leave the hotel by 
hi! i need a restaurant that serves 
yes. i would like an 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
yes please, i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on 
yes please, i would like to book a table for 
yes please, i would like to book a table for 5 people at 
i want one in the certre area and in the 
that sounds good, i have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on 
that sounds good, i have a group of seven and we want to eat at 
can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the 
can you recommend another 
hello, do you know of any boat attractions in the 
hello, do you know of any 
i can give cam
yes, i'm also looking for a moderately priced 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
yes. there will be 
monday, 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
may i have the address and phone number of the 
i need a training heading out from leicester that leaves on 
i need a training heading out from 
i would like to go to cambridge and arrive by 
i would like to go to 
yes please. i am also looking for a place to eat. are there any restaurants in 
yes please. i am also looking for a place to eat. are there any restaurants in east cambridge that serve 
find me a place to stay. i need a hotel in the 
find me a place to stay. i need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 
find me a place to stay. i need a 
just check 
i would like my reservations to start on 
i also want a train to take me to 
thursday, please. i need to leave from 
yes, i would like to arrive by 
hello, i am looking for a train departing from cambridge on 
hello, i am looking for a train departing from 
to 
i would like to leave 
i would like to find a hotel that is in the moderate price range in the 
i would like to find a hotel that is in the 
thank you. i'd like to book a room for myself on 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the south in the 
i would like a 
it will be 
in the same area as the restaurant? i am interested in 
perhaps you could locate a park in the 
i am looking for 
i am looking for moderately-priced three-star 
it doesn't need to have free parking and i don't care about the internet. which guesthouse can accommodate for 
it doesn't need to have free parking and i don't care about the internet. which 
i'll need the reservation for 3 people starting 
i'll need the reservation for 
i'll need the reservation for 3 people starting saturday for 
i'll need the reservation for 
thank you, i will also need a train from peterborough to cambridge on 
i wish to arrive before 
saturday from peterborough to cambridge for 
saturday from peterborough to cambridge for 
it doesn't matter when i leave, as long as i arrive by 
yes, for the same group of 
hi i'd like to find a 
i would like to keep it 
i would like to keep it cheap if possible and something 
yes, please. it is for 2 nights starting on 
yes, please. it is for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 
yes, please. it is for 
i'm looking for a 
yes, reserve a table for two on 
at 
yes, i also need a train departing from 
yes, i also need a train departing from bishops stortford going to 
i will be traveling on 
it doesn't really matter, but i need to be there by 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
find me a modern european restaurant in the 
find me a 
is it in the 
yes, book for 7 people at 15:30 on 
yes, book for 
yes, book for 7 people at 
well how about 
do you know where 
what's the best place to go on the 
i need a really cheap hotel with a 
i need a really cheap 
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the 
i'm looking for a 
okay, i'd like to book a room at the gonville hotel for 4 nights. there will be 6 people and we will be arriving on 
okay, i'd like to book a room at the gonville hotel for 4 nights. there will be 
okay, i'd like to book a room at the gonville hotel for 
okay, i'd like to book a room at the 
okay, i'd like to book a room at the gonville 
yes, what about 
hi, can you help me find a 
hi, can you help me find a moderately priced 
sure, book it for 1 person and 2 nights, starting from 
sure, book it for 
sure, book it for 1 person and 
i would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the 
i would like the phone number of an 
i would like 
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
yes, how about 
i would like the address of 
hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the 
hey, could you tell me if there are any 
are there any chinese restaurants on the 
are there any 
i'm looking for a pricey 
how about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a 
how about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 
how about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 
can you try booking it for 
something 
what about a moderate hotel located in the 
what about a 
no other preferences. can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting 
no other preferences. can you pick one and book it for 
no other preferences. can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 
no, i don't have any preference, other than it's a 
yes, i need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by 
i need a 
i don't care about the type of food. i need a reservation for 
is dojo noodle bar in the 
is 
the reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on 
the reservation needs to be for 
the reservation needs to be for 2 for 
no. it needs to be t 
i am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but i would like it to be 
yes, the 
i am not sure on the day yet, however am looking for a train to goes to 
i would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to know more about 
okay great. can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from 
okay great. can you book me a room for 
okay great. can you book me a room for 7 people and 
do you have information about the 
what is the postcode for the 
i need a train that leaves on 
i need a train that leaves on monday from 
norwich. i'd like to leave after 
yes please book that for 
i need a restaurant that serves catalan food and it should be in the 
i need a restaurant that serves 
is there another high-end restaurant in the 
i don't really like indian food. are there any expensive british restaurants in the 
i don't really like indian food. are there any expensive 
i don't really like indian food. are there any 
the same group of people at 11:4
the same group of people at 
hello. i'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the 
hello. i'm hoping to find a 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is 
sure, i need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on 
sure, i need a reservation for 
sure, i need a reservation for 4 people and 
would you mind finding some info on a train into 
yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on 
yes, please. can you book me 
i also need a train from bishops stafford to 
yes please, for 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is 
the 
the north part of town please. are there any 
great! could you book one of those for 
how about just 
i really need a room for 4 people on 
i really need a room for 
i need a hotel on 
i need a hotel on sunday for 
i need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 
i need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights. i need the hotel to be a 
try hotels in the 
try 
ok, can you try for just 
i also am looking to dine out. something 
i also am looking to dine out. something european, and 
i would like to book the city stop restaurant for 4 people on sunday at 
i would like to book the 
hello, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the 
hello, i'm looking for an 
please also find me information about 
yeah , 2 people 3 nights on 
yeah , 
yeah , 2 people 
i'm looking for an attraction in the 
yes, i would like to go to a 
what is that 
can you give me the postcode for 
can you give me the postcode for christ's 
yes, i'd like to find a cheap 
yes, i'd like to find a 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for monday at 
i need to find a place to stay in the 
i am looking for a 
yes please, and let try the 
if the 
starting 
starting sunday for 3 nights and 
starting sunday for 
yes, lets try a different 
i am looking for a hotel located in cambridge called the 
i am looking for a 
can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the 
can you check if there are any 
i will do 
let's do the riverside brasserie. what about a table for 
let's do the riverside brasserie. what about a table for 3 at 
let's do the 
great i also need a train that should depart 
great i also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to 
i would like to leave on a 
i want to arrive by 
i'm looking for a posh 
i also need a train leaving on 
departing from cambridge and going to london liverpool street. leaving wednesday and want to arrive by 
departing from cambridge and going to london liverpool street. leaving 
departing from 
departing from cambridge and going to 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the 
could you check again in the 
yes could you search for 
great. can you reserve a table for 5 at fen ditton? 
great. can you reserve a table for 
great. can you reserve a table for 5 at fen ditton? sunday at 
great. can you reserve a table for 5 at 
thank you! also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 
thank you! also looking for a place to stay. the 
well then 
well then yes, 
area doesn't matter. you can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting 
area doesn't matter. you can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 
hi i want a train to ely arrived by 
hi i want a train to 
yes, please. i will need 
i also need a 
i also need a thai restaurant in the 
what about a restaurant that serves 
just 
is there an expensive restaurant serving 
is there an 
how about 
great, what is the address and phone number for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
no, just have to be in the 
yes, i need a reservation for 
yes, i need a reservation for 2 people for 
i need the room starting on 
awesome. thank you. can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the 
sounds great. can you book a taxi to the church for me? i want to leave the hotel by 
i want to find information on a restaurant called 
sure i would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at 18:00 on 
sure i would like that, it'll be fore 
sure i would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at 
yes i also want to find a mutliple sports attraction in the town 
how about a 
i need to book a train on 
i want to get to cambridge by 
i want to get to 
i am departing from 
no but i also need and 
yes, please try 
i definitely want 
no, i need something in the 
is it near the 
actually, the college sounds great. i don't need more info. but i would love a taxi to get me from 
actually, the college sounds great. i don't need more info. but i would love a taxi to get me from queens college to 
actually, the college sounds great. i don't need more info. but i would love a taxi to get me from queens college to hobsons house. i want to leave by 
i'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
sounds good can i make a booking for 7 people at 14:00 on 
sounds good can i make a booking for 
sounds good can i make a booking for 7 people at 
beautiful, just need some info on the 
i will need 
i will need thursday at 1
is there a place to stay in the 
i'd like a guesthouse, please. a 
i'd like a 
no thanks. but can you help me find a train into cambridge for 
no thanks. but can you help me find a train into 
i'm sorry, i will actually be leaving norwich. i need to arrive by 
i'm sorry, i will actually be leaving 
can you tell me about a particular hotel called the 
actually, could you book a room for me? i need it for 2 people, 5 nights. we'll arrive on 
actually, could you book a room for me? i need it for 
actually, could you book a room for me? i need it for 2 people, 
yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the 
do any of these places serve 
can you please try 
yes please for two people at 16:15 on 
yes please for two people at 
i need to find a 
we would prefer vietnamese please. in the 
we would prefer 
yes i would like a table for 7 people on 
yes i would like a table for 
yes i would like a table for 7 people on monday at 
can you try 12:15 on 
can you try 
thank you i also need a train on 
thank you i also need a train on tuesday leaving after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and headed to 
i am leaving from cambridge and headed to stevenage. i would like to leave after 
can you tell me when that train will be arriving in 
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in the 
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves 
there are no expensive french restaurants in the 
there are no expensive 
there are no 
what about an expensive place that serves 
what about an 
let's try the 
thanks. i also need a train ticket. the train needs to arrive by 
thanks. i also need a train ticket. the train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to 
i am departing from 
the train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 
the train should leave on 
i'm in the 
sorry. i'm actually looking for some type of attraction i can go to up in the 
i'd like 
please check to see if there are any restaurants that serve 
im also looking for a 
im also looking for a 4 star 
what can you tell me about the 
yes and also looking for a train. the train should leave after 13:15 and should depart from 
yes and also looking for a train. the train should leave after 
i won't need to book a table but thank you. for the train i need to leave monday and am headed towards 
i need a train that is leaving after 
i'm nowhere near london kings cross though. what about 
great. could you please get me some information on a particular attraction called the 
i just need adress for the 
yes, i would like to eat at a 
actually i am just looking for an attraction called the 
actually i am just looking for an attraction called the fitzwilliam 
hi i am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the 
hi i am planning a trip and need to find a 
i need the address, type of food, and price range for the 
i'd like to leave by 
that's incorrect. i need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 
i need to take a train, i want to leave on 
i need to take a train, i want to leave on wednesday after 
from 
from broxbourne to 
arrival time doesn't matter as long as i leave after 
i just need information right now. would you choose a train leaving after 
thank you , can you help me find an indian restaurant in the 
thank you , can you help me find an 
i want the restaurant to be 
i trust your opinion. please book a table at saffron brasserie for 5 people at 15:15 on 
i trust your opinion. please book a table at saffron brasserie for 
i trust your opinion. please book a table at saffron brasserie for 5 people at 
i trust your opinion. please book a table at 
i have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the 
i have to book a place to eat that serves 
how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the 
how about a restaurant that serves 
yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on 
yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:4
yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 
yes, can you see if the 
can i get another restaurant in the 
can i get another restaurant in the centre that is 
i will bee a hotel called 
that's good. book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting 
that's good. book me in for 
that's good. book me in for 3 people and 
i'm also looking for a train leaving from 
am going to 
i need to arrive at the airport by 
i need to arrive at the airport by 14:45 on 
nevermind. i will not need the taxi after all. thank you for all your help. please book a seat on tr619
i need a train from cambridge on 
i need a train from 
i am thinking the 
i'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to 
i'd like to leave after 
yes please make a booking for 
i also need information on a hotel called 
i need information about places to stay that have a 
yes, i'd like something cheap in the 
yes, i'd like something 
i don't have a preference for food. anything is fine. just cheap and in the 
i don't have a preference for food. anything is fine. just 
book table for 3 
book table for 
book table for 3 saturday at 
can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the 
can you recommend a 
i want one that's 
one person starting wednesday. need the reference number and also looking for a 
one person starting wednesday. need the reference number and also looking for a cuban restaurant in the 
in the 
i am looking for a place to get a 
i would like a three star 
can you make that for starting 
can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 
can you make that for starting monday, 
i need to leave the hotel by 
hello, can you help me find a train going to 
on 
on monday, from 
i'd like to leave after 
i want a cheap swedish restaurant in the 
i want a cheap 
i want a 
yes, please. is there a restaurant with 
i'm looking for a place called 
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on 
reservation, please. 
reservation, please. 1 person for 
thank you. i also need a place to eat in the city 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i'm looking for a 
i want to leave the hotel by 
actually, i was looking for 
actually, i was looking for italian food in the 
go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on 
go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 
go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on sunday at 
is 
i am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on 
i'm looking to get to cambridge on 
yes. could you make a booking for 
i'm so tired. really need a place to lay my head for the nights. can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the 
i'm so tired. really need a place to lay my head for the nights. can you find me some 
does the 
yes please book that for 6 people starting 
yes please book that for 
yes please book that for 6 people starting thursday for 
yes please, i need a trains going to 
i'll be leaving cambridge on tuesday and need to arrive by 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
yes you can help me i need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the 
yes 
could you make me a reservation for 
could you make me a reservation for thursday for 4 nights?there will be 
could you make me a reservation for thursday for 
i'd like to find a 
i would prefer the 
that will be fine. i'll need to book for 
that will be fine. i'll need to book for saturday, 3 nights, and 
that will be fine. i'll need to book for saturday, 
actually one more thin, i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, i want to leave at 
no i'm trying to find an attraction near town 
no i'm trying to find an attraction near town centre, preferably near a 
not really. which 
yes, may i please have the full address with postcode for 
yes, may i please have the full address with postcode for emmanuel 
yes, i also need the postcode, area, and food type for a place called 
i need someplace 
let's book el shaddai for 4 people for 2 nights starting 
let's book el shaddai for 
let's book el shaddai for 4 people for 
let's book 
i will also need a train departing from 
i need a train on tuesday from cambridge to london kings cross that arrives by 
i need a train on 
i need a train on tuesday from 
i need a train on tuesday from cambridge to 
can you help me find an 
i would like some 
are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the 
are there any 
are there any french restaurants that are 
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, i'd like to leave after 12:
i'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at 
i'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, i'd like to leave after 
yes, please book me for 
hi, i need a place to stay. something expensive on the 
hi, i need a place to stay. something 
is there something in the 
it will depart from cambridge on 
it will depart from 
i need to get to ely by 
i need to get to 
yes, i'd like to find an indian restaurant in the 
yes, i'd like to find an 
is it in the 
i'd like a booking for meghna for 
i'd like a booking for meghna for 5 people at 
i'd like a booking for 
i would like some information of the restaurant called 
no. what area is 
please book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 3 people at 
thank you. i also need a place to stay in the 
no, just needs to be in the 
yes, please for 
yes, please for 7 people for 
i'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
nah, i'll get that later. can you book a table there, though? 3 people on 
nah, i'll get that later. can you book a table there, though? 
nah, i'll get that later. can you book a table there, though? 3 people on sunday at 
i just need to find a hotel for 
i just need to find a hotel for sunday for 
are there any high end restaurants within the 
that would be perfect if it is in expensive range. i need to book it for 
that would be perfect if it is in 
there will be 
there will be 6 of us. 
yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the stansted airport on 
yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the 
i will go from 
i will go from cambridge to 
i will need to arrive by 
i will need to arrive by 19:00 on 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the 
i need to find a train leaving cambridge on 
i need to find a train leaving 
i am looking to go to 
the train should arrive by 
that sounds goo. can you book for 
i am also looking for a restaurant on the 
yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on 
yes it sound good, can you book table for 
yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 
i need to find a 
i would like a 
i would like a 1 star 
ok, try a 
ok, try a 4 star 
the area doesn't matter. if you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 
the area doesn't matter. if you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 4 store 
hello any restaurants suggestions ? i am also looking for nice 
hello any restaurants suggestions ? i am also looking for nice 4 star 
could i please have more information about the 
okay may i get the price range for those 
thank you. i'm also looking for for a place to dine, i'd prefer an 
italian food please in the 
in the centre please. and make it 
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any 
i apologize. my husband wants something 
in that case what about 
i am looking to eat at an expensively priced 
i am looking to eat at an 
that sounds great! i need to book for 3 people on 
that sounds great! i need to book for 
that sounds great! i need to book for 3 people on friday at 
yes, i need a place to stay. it needs to be a hotel and doesn't 
yes, i need a place to stay. it needs to be a 
i need it to be 
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the 
from the 
from the cambridge belfry to 
i would like to arrive before 
i'm looking for a casual 
what about 
i need one in the 
that sounds good. do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on 
that sounds good. do they have a table for 
that sounds good. do they have a table for 8 people at 
yes, please. i need it to be in the same area and 
i'm looking for a train. i need to leave from cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train. i need to leave from 
i'm looking for a train. i need to leave from cambridge on tuesday and go to 
yes, i need to arrive by 
yes, can i get 
i am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the 
i am also looking for a place to stay that has 
i'd prefer a hotel. can you book that for 
i'd prefer a hotel. can you book that for 6 people and 
starting 
yes, could you try for a stay of 
i want to check out a 
sweet!. can you give me informatin on a place called 
i would like to be picked up from the hotel by 
i am looking for a place to eat in the 
i need reservations for 7 people at 17:30 on 
i need reservations for 
i need reservations for 7 people at 
it doesn't matter, as long as it is a 
it's for 5 nights for 7 people on 
it's for 5 nights for 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
sounds good. could you book me a reservation for 8, 
sounds good. could you book me a reservation for 
sounds good. could you book me a reservation for 8, friday, at 
maybe 
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train departing 
yes, i do. i'll be taking the train into 
that would be perfect! please make a booking for 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes, that does sound good. can you book a room for 7 people for me for 3 nights starting from 
yes, that does sound good. can you book a room for 
yes, that does sound good. can you book a room for 7 people for me for 
great, thanks. i need also a 
great, thanks. i need also a chinese restaurant in 
the location doesn't matter. i just need a 
the location doesn't matter. i just need a chinese restaurant that is 
please do. i want it for 7 people on 
please do. i want it for 
please do. i want it for 7 people on sunday at 
i need a train leaving from leicester on 
i need a train leaving from 
i need to arrive in 
okay. could you make me a booking for 
can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the 
can you help me find a place to eat that is really 
just to make sure, tr3839 leaves after 10:00 correct? i cannot leave before then. as far as cuisine type, 
how much does it cost to take the bus in 
i will be traveling to 
i am also looking for a hotel in the 
i want a hotel on the 
are you sure that there are no hotels on the 
are there any 
i would appreciate it if you could tell me which 
any price range. be a 
yes, i would also like information about the 
yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, please, 
yes, please, 5 people for 
hi there. i could use some help finding a place to stay that is 
yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
yes, for 
yes, for 1 person for 
what about 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge headed to 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on sunday after 
i am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after 11:00 to 
i am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after 
i will be departing from london kings cross and want to leave on 
i will be departing from 
ok, great thanks. could you also give me information on a restaurant called 
i would like the reservation for 
la mimosa restaurant for 7 people at 15:15 on 
la mimosa restaurant for 
la mimosa restaurant for 7 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. can you help me find something 
are there any with a 
are there any with a 
nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. could you book a room starting 
nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. could you book a room starting saturday for 3 nights, 
nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. could you book a room starting saturday for 
nope, any 4-star 
nope, any 
please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the 
please help me find a place to dine that is 
i would prefer 
please book for 2 people on 
please book for 
please book for 2 people on thursday at 
thanks. i am also looking for a train going to 
thanks. i am also looking for a train going to cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 
i will be departing from broxbourne and will be leaving on 
i will be departing from 
that would work. i'd like 
i don't know. but i do know the name of the hotel. it's the 
no i want to book starting on 
no i want to book starting on wednesday for 
no i want to book starting on wednesday for 
i'm looking for attractions in the 
i'm departing from ely on 
i'm departing from 
okay, could you book that for 
hello, i am looking for a 
cheap price and 
let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting 
let's make a booking for 
let's make a booking for 6 people, 
my plan is to depart from cambridge this 
my plan is to depart from 
i'm going to 
i'm going to london liverpool street. i want my train to leave after 
looking for 
how about 
i am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the 
i am looking for a place to stay that has a 
a 
yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes a booking for 
yes a booking for 8 people for 
no, i would need it to be for 3 days and 
no, i would need it to be for 
no, i would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what 
please, book the holiday inn cambridge, and i need the reference number. also, i am looking to book a train the same day from birmingham new street to cambridge leaving after 1
please, book the holiday inn cambridge, and i need the reference number. also, i am looking to book a train the same day from birmingham new street to cambridge leaving after 
can you try the hotel with a 
can you try the 
yes, i need a train from 
yes, i need a train from birmingham new street to 
i want it to leave after 
hello, i'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the 
hello, i'd like to dine at a 
how about 
thank you. i am also looking to book a train which leaves on 
thank you. i am also looking to book a train which leaves on sunday after 
i'll be going to broxbourne from 
i'll be going to 
yes can you book that for 
i'd like a european food place in the 
i'd like a 
yes, please. i would like a table for 2 on 
yes, please. i would like a table for 
yes, please. i would like a table for 2 on thursday at 
actually, either is fine. but i would like something 
what amenities does the 
no, i would like for it to be 
okay, how about a 
i would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a 
can you give me some information on the 
perfect. can i get a confirmed table for 2 at 16:15 on 
perfect. can i get a confirmed table for 
perfect. can i get a confirmed table for 2 at 
fantastic. i also want to check out some 
it needs to be in the 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
can you find me a 
can you find me a spanish restaurant in the 
i want to double check, is 
hi. i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
yes. i would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 
yes. i would like it to be a 
yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from 
yes, please make a reservation for 
yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 
yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 
what about for 
what about for 
i'm also looking for places to go. is there a 
i need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel. i want to leave the riverboat at 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
yes do you have 
i would like 
i would like indian food please. i need it to be 
can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on wednesday , we can try the one in the 
can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 5 at 
i want to find an 
something in the 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
yes, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
no, maybe you could book me at your favorite for 
no, maybe you could book me at your favorite for saturday? there will be 
no, maybe you could book me at your favorite for saturday? there will be 8 of us, at 
need a place to eat 
need a place to eat european food, 
yes, the 
yes book it for 6 people at 19:45 on 
yes book it for 
yes book it for 6 people at 
excellent. i'm also interested in the train schedule. are there any that leave cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by 
excellent. i'm also interested in the train schedule. are there any that leave 
hi, i'm looking for a train to cambridge on 
hi, i'm looking for a train to 
sure. i'm leaving from kings lynn sometime after 12:45 on 
sure. i'm leaving from 
sure. i'm leaving from kings lynn sometime after 
that will work. can you book 
great i'm also looking for an 
ok no problem. is there a place that serves 
that sounds great. may i have the address and phone number for the 
i would say let's look for an attraction first. can you recommend something to do in the 
no, but i would like to find a cheap priced 
no, but i would like to find a 
try 
i would rather be in the 
can you book a table for me there on 
can you book a table for me there on thursday at 
hi! i'm looking for information on the 
hello! i would like to go to a restaurant in the 
i would like to try the 
i'm looking for some 
no, but i'd like to stay in a 
i'm sorry, i actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. are there any moderately priced 
i'm sorry, i actually prefer a 
are there any 
are there any cheap 
thank you, can you also tell me about places to go in the 
anything is fine as long as it is in the 
how about a 
i would like to stay at a 
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a guesthouse with free parking on the 
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a guesthouse with free parking on the 
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a 
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 
should depart from 
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. i am going to 
i'll be leaving on 
yes please book it for 
thanks so much! could i get the phone number for the acorn 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for an 
how about 
i need a place to stay in the 
for 3 people starting on 
for 
for 3 people starting on wednesday and staying 
just a guesthouse in the 
just a 
i would like to book a popular, 
i'm headed to 
i'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving on 
great! can you book 
thanks! i'm also looking for a restaurant named 
no that's okay. i have 
no that's okay. i have 2 tickets on tr8522 that leaves out of 
i would like to stay in a 
it can be anywhere as long as it has a 
i would like a 
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
i was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. some 
yes, i need a restuarant. i want something on the 
yes, i need a restuarant. i want something on the south side. 
could you check one more time? restaurant in the 
could you check one more time? restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves 
could you check one more time? restaurant in the south part of town, 
can you check again for a 3rd time? i really want to eat 
do you have any indian restaurants in the 
do you have any 
i would like to visit the 
i do not have a preference. i do need the address, postcode and phone number of a 
yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for 
yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for cambridge arts 
i would like to stay in the 
i want it to be a 
thanks now i need a taxi leaving the hotel by 
i will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the 
i will be leaving the hotel by 
i am looking for an attraction called 
thank you, i am also looking for an italian restaurant in the 
thank you, i am also looking for an 
i would like an 
for 7 people at 11:15 on 
for 
for 7 people at 
caffe uno will be fine. yes, i'll need to reserve a table on 
caffe uno will be fine. yes, i'll need to reserve a table on saturday. it will be at 11:15 for 
caffe uno will be fine. yes, i'll need to reserve a table on saturday. it will be at 
great i also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 
can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the 
can you help me find a place to eat that serves 
how about 
moderate sounds good. can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on 
moderate sounds good. can you book a table at any one of the 
moderate sounds good. can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on monday at 
find me an expensive place to stay on the 
find me an 
i see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the 
how about a hotel in the 
you know i also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the 
you know i also need someplace to eat in that is also 
lets go with the lucky star. i need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on 
lets go with the lucky star. i need a table for 
lets go with the lucky star. i need a table for 8 people at 
lets go with 
i'm looking for an 
thanks for that. please find me a 
how about 
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 19:30 on 
yes and book for me a table for 
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 
i would like some middle eastern food, preferably in the cheap price range. i'd also like to be in the 
i would like some 
i would like some middle eastern food, preferably in the 
no, not really. how about 
i also need a place to stay. i need somewhere that is a 
area does not matter but something with 
is limehouse 
i'm looking for a restaurant, something 
iam looking for something 
that would be great. i need to for 2 people at 13:00 on 
that would be great. i need to for 
that would be great. i need to for 2 people at 
i'm looking to get on a train on 
i'm leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in 
perfect. can you book that for me for 
i also need a hotel in the 
i also need a 
hello! i am looking for places to go in the 
yes, i just need to get the address and postcode for the 
yes, i'd like to stay at an 
yes, i'd like to stay at an expensive 
yes, i'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star 
the 
the huntingdon marriot 
i want to leave the theater by 
i need help finding a train out of 
my destination is cambridge and i need to be there by 
my destination is 
yes, i need to book that for 
i want to travel on 
thank you! can you also please recommend a 
thank you! can you also please recommend a 4-star 
sure that sounds great. i need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on 
sure that sounds great. i need it for 
sure that sounds great. i need it for 8 people and 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
how about 
need to know the train schedule from 
need to know the train schedule from leicester to 
how about on 
how about on monday? any train leaving after 
please book that one for 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i would like a 4 star hotel in the 
i would like a 
yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on 
yes please for 
yes please for 7 people and 
maybe i should figure out my train first. i am departing from ely on friday and want to get to cambridge by 
maybe i should figure out my train first. i am departing from ely on 
maybe i should figure out my train first. i am departing from 
maybe i should figure out my train first. i am departing from ely on friday and want to get to 
yes, please. i will need 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the west and really want to have 
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the 
can you see if there are any expensive 
can you see if there are any 
yes please, 5 people on 
yes please, 
yes please, 5 people on friday at 
i am looking for something fun to do while in town. a 
no, thanks. can you find a gastropub restaurant in the 
no, thanks. can you find a 
do you have anything in the 
yes please. i actually do need a 
sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on 
sure it'll be for 
sure it'll be for 5 people for 
thank you. i am also looking for a train leaving on 
yes i need to arrive by 
how long is the train trip? i just need to arrive by 
sure. please book it for 
i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
what british restaurants are available in the 
what british restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? i'd like to book a table at 17:15 for one on 
what british restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? i'd like to book a table at 
what british restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? i'd like to book a table at 
what 
just myself. i'd like to eat at 17:15 on 
just myself. i'd like to eat at 
just myself. i'd like to eat at 
how about 
how about 
i'll be leaving stansted airport to cambridge after 16:15 on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving stansted airport to 
i'll be leaving stansted airport to cambridge after 
yes, i need a place to have dinner. i'm thinking 
yes, i need a place to have dinner. i'm thinking italian and 
the restaurant should be in the 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 1 at 
i am looking for a 
i prefer three star and an 
okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still 
okay, can you look for a 
please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on 
please book it for 
please book it for 6 people, 
no thanks, i do need the reference number though. i would like to find a 
i need to find a restaurant in 
yes. i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 8 people at 
hi, i am searching for a museum to attend in the 
hi, i am searching for a 
i don't care of the type of 
yes i would like a good 
no thanks, i actually need a train. i'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on 
no thanks, i actually need a train. i'll be heading to cambridge from 
no thanks, i actually need a train. i'll be heading to 
no thanks, i actually need a train. i'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on sunday. i need to leave after 
before that, i need a booking for 
is it possible to get any 
what about 
book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 8 people at 
i am looking for a cuban restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i still want the 
i still want the north part of town, but look for 
i am trying to find a restaurant in the 
i am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves 
what about a restaurant there that serves 
could you tell me more about it? what is its price range? where is it located in the 
sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at 17:30 on 
sounds delicious, could you book a table for 
sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at 
what about 4:30 on 
what about 
great! can you also tell me the address and price range for the 
i need a train that arrives by 
i need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from 
i'm leaving on 
does it go to 
that's great. can you make a booking for me for 
it doesn't matter, i'd like it to be a guesthouse in the 
it doesn't matter, i'd like it to be a 
yes, please. i'd like a room for 5 people on 
yes, please. i'd like a room for 
yes, please. i'd like a room for 5 people on wednesday for 
i am looking for a 
i want a 
don't particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. it is called 
that sounds like just the place! can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on 
that sounds like just the place! can you book me a table for 
that sounds like just the place! can you book me a table for 2 at 
i am looking for 
i am also looking for an attraction called the 
i'd like to book a taxi from 
i'd like to book a taxi from kettle's yard back to the hotel. i'd like to leave around 
i would like to know more about a restaurant called the 
no thank you, can you book a table for 3 
no thank you, can you book a table for 
no thank you, can you book a table for 3 friday at 
i am also needing a place to go for 
hi! i'm looking for a 
i want it to be located in the 
can i get more info on the 
yes please. i need it for 4 nights starting 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 
yes, what is the 
can you help me find a nice 
can you help me find a nice 4 star 
yes, i do. i would like a hotel that is 
yes, i do. i would like a 
the one in the centre would be ideal. there will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting 
the one in the centre would be ideal. there will be 
the one in the centre would be ideal. there will be 7 people staying for 
yes, actually. i need to book a train from standsted to cambridge. it has to be for 
yes please book for 
i would like it to include free parking as well, with a star of 
i don't care about the location. either one will work. just book it for 1 for 5 nights starting on 
i don't care about the location. either one will work. just book it for 
i don't care about the location. either one will work. just book it for 1 for 
yes please, i am also looking for a train to depart on friday from cambridge at 
yes please, i am also looking for a train to depart on friday from cambridge at 10:1
yes please, i am also looking for a train to depart on friday from cambridge at 1
please book 
please book 1 seat for 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel called 
sorry yes the restaurant named eraina. i would like to book a reservation for 
sorry yes the restaurant named eraina. i would like to book a reservation for tuesday 
sorry yes the restaurant named eraina. i would like to book a reservation for tuesday 
sorry yes the restaurant named 
i need to find an expensive restaurant in cambridge located somewhere in the 
i need to find an 
yes please, book me a table for one at 
yes please, book me a table for one at 
alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for 
i am also interested in the 
yes, hi! i am looking for a 
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from 
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to 
i would like to leave on sunday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on sunday and arrive by 1
i would like to leave on 
i'd like somewhere to go in town. something in the 
i need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the 
great! i would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on 
great! i would like to make a booking for 
great! i would like to make a booking for 8 people for 
could you help me find an interesting 
thank you for the info on a good 
yes i need a taxi from the museum to the hotel. i want to leave by 
i'm looking to stay at a 
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the 
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 
no thank you. i am looking for a train for 
going from 
going from broxbourne to 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a danish restaurant with a 
yeah, how about something that serves 
i definitely would like it to be in the 
a table for 7 at 12:15 on 
a table for 
a table for 7 at 
i also need to get a train on 
i need a train that arrives in cambridge by 
i need a train that arrives in 
yes please! could you book me seats for 
no, i don''t have an area preference. i would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 
no, i don''t have an area preference. i would like to stay in a 
could you give me information on 
i also need a tax leaving my hotel by 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
we are in the 
we are in the centre of town and looking for places to go. we would like maybe a museum and a 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that needs to be a 
in the 
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 4 nights on 
sounds good thanks book it for 
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 
can you get me information on a restaurant called 
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 20:00 on 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 
yes, i do. i would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. perhaps, some sort of 
how about a 
great. what's the address for 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
i am looking for korean food, in the 
i am looking for 
is it in the 
13:45 on 
13:45 on monday and a table for 
i need a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for something in the 
hello, i'm looking for a 4 star place on the 
hello, i'm looking for a 
yes, i am looking in the 
yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on 
yes, can you please book me for 
yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 
yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 
is there another 
are there any good scottish restaurants in the 
are there any good 
how about 
yes, i also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, i would prefer a 
i need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves 
i need assistance finding a restaurant that is 
do you have any 
yes. please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on 
yes. please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 
yes. please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 
yes. please book me a table at the 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i'd like to find an 
the restaurant should serve 
yes, i would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a 
yes, i would like to be booked for a table for 
yes, i would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 
i need a train to peterborough from cambridge on friday and would like to arrive by 
i need a train to peterborough from cambridge on 
i need a train to peterborough from 
i need a train to 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to eat. what's the best italian joint on the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to eat. what's the best 
yes, i'd like a table for two at 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant serving 
i am looking for a 
hi, i'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 
hi, i'm looking for a train that is going to 
i am departing from 
i would like to leave on 
that will, yes. please make a booking for 
thanks so much. i would also need a place to say. i am looking for something with 
please book it for 
please book it for wednesday for 
please book it for wednesday for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. it should be in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. it should be in the north and have a 
i do need to make sure it's not too expensive. is that one 
yes, could you please book it for 
yes, could you please book it for 5 people for 
i will be starting my stay on 
yes i need to inquire about a train from peterborough to cambridge for 
please book 
i would like to book a train from cambridge on 
i would like to book a train from 
i'd like to go to 
i would like to leave on the first train after 
no, i'll think about it. i will also need a place to stay 
yes, what 
can you book one for me? i need a room for 5 people starting on 
can you book one for me? i need a room for 
can you book one for me? i need a room for 5 people starting on monday. we would be staying 
can you book one for me? i need a room for 5 people starting on monday. we would be staying 
i would like to find a restaurant in the 
sure, i'm looking for an 
i am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the 
i am not picky about the food, as long as it is 
i want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting 
i want hotel with free parking also it will be for 
i want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 
i want to leave the restaurant at 
yes, i need some train information. looking to depart cambridge and arrive by 
yes, i need some train information. looking to depart 
no, thank you. does that leave on 
no, thank you. does that leave on tuesday and go to 
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. are there any 
i need to take a train into cambridge on 
i need to take a train into 
i am leaving birmingham new street and would like to arrive by 
i am leaving 
yes, can i get booking at the 
we'll need it for the same day, 
we'll need it for the same day, wednesday, for the same 
we'll need it for the same day, wednesday, for the same 3 people. we'd like to stay for 
ok, well how about 
ok, well how about 
i'm currently planning a visit to cambridge and looking for a 
so, you are saying there are no 
i would like to have a 
sounds good. 
sounds good. 1 person, 
sounds good. 1 person, 
i also need a restaurant, preferably one that serves 
the reservation should be at 
make the reservation for 
hey any suggestions for good food? i'd also love to find a train that leaves on 
hey any suggestions for good food? i'd also love to find a train that leaves on friday from 
i would like to leave after 
yes, i'm traveling to 
no thank you. i'm also looking for an expensive 
no thank you. i'm also looking for an 
the 
the centre please. can you reserve a table for 
it will be for 2 people on 
it will be for 
it will be for 2 people on friday at 
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. i need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting 
any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. i need to book 
any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. i need to book 3 people for 
great! can you also tell me if there are any 
how about something just in the 
okay, how about 
give me info about 
i would like to leave the restaurant by 
i would like info about the 
i'm also interested in places to go. what kind of entertainment is there in the 
i'm also interested in places to go. what kind of 
any of them would be fine, how about a 
east and 
address and phone number for the 
is there a welsh restaurant in the 
is there a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i'm looking for a 
the 
that sounds like it would be nice. i'd like to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on 
that sounds like it would be nice. i'd like to book a table for 
that sounds like it would be nice. i'd like to book a table for 5 people at 
i am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by 
i am also looking for a train that should depart from 
the restaurant booking was for 
are there any moderately priced restaurants in the 
are there any 
i'm looking for a train that will be leaving on 
i'm looking for a train that will be leaving on sunday going to 
i need to get there by 
yes, for 
i also need a room in 
i would like to stay at the el shaddai. i would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on 
i would like to stay at the el shaddai. i would like to book it for 
i would like to stay at the el shaddai. i would like to book it for 1 person for 
i would like to stay at the 
is it possible to book this reservation for 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves 
yes, how about 
please find me a train that leaves on 
please find me a train that leaves on monday after 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge and heading to 
i just need to leave after 
yes, for 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the 
hi i am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the 
i would like a 
is that a 
what about 
what about moderately priced places with 
could you book 3 nights at the ashley for 7 people, please? we'll be arriving on 
could you book 3 nights at the ashley for 
could you book 
could you book 3 nights at the 
does the lovell have 
does the 
can you try booking a 1 night stay? i need the reference number if that works. i also need a train leaving cambridge after 1
can you try booking a 
i want 
are there any danish restaurants on the 
are there any 
what about 
book it! 
book it! friday, 1
book it! friday, 
i am also looking for the hotel, 
yes, that would be great. please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on 
yes, that would be great. please book for the three of us for 
i need a train that leaving 
i need a train that leaving cambridge for 
i would like to leave on tuesday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
can i get one ticket on the train that arrives at 
yes, i would like the reference number, please. i am also looking for a 
thanks for the train info. may i have the address for the 
i am excited to visit some of your attractions. can you help me find a place to stay in the 
yes, a guesthouse would be great. i'd like for it to be in the 
yes, a 
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from 
you want to book it for 
you want to book it for 1 people and 
i'm looking for an attraction called 
can you book a taxi for me at 15:15 from the 
can you book a taxi for me at 
i need a hotel, in the 
i need a 
does this 
ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on 
ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 
ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 
that's a pity. ok, but i want it to be 
unlucky day for me. alright, let's go with 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel, the 
yes, please book for 8 people, for 4 nights starting from 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 8 people, for 
i so excited to see some of your great attractions! can you suggest a college in the 
i so excited to see some of your great attractions! can you suggest a 
thanks. can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the 
thanks. can you also help me find a 
thanks. can you also help me find a moderately priced 
yes. please book for 4 people, from 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 
yes, i need a taxi to take me to the 
i will need to depart from 
i will need to depart from corpus cristi by 04:45 to go to 
i will need to depart from corpus cristi by 
are there any colleges in the 
are there any 
i'm also looking for a cheap 
i'm also looking for a 
great i also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 
i want a 
can you find me a hotel in the 
what restaurants in the 
what restaurants in the centre are 
sure. i'd like 
ok, how about 
i don't know, but i am also looking for a train from 
i don't know, but i am also looking for a train from kings lynn to 
i am looking for a train to take me from cambridge to kings lynn. i need the train to leave on thursday and arrive by 
i am looking for a train to take me from cambridge to kings lynn. i need the train to leave on 
i am looking for a train to take me from 
i am looking for a train to take me from cambridge to 
yes, please make sure the booking is for 
hello. i am looking for a 
hello. i am looking for a cheap 
i'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in 
i'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on 
there will only be 
yes, one person, 4 nights starting 
yes, one person, 4 nights starting wednesday. reference number for that, parks to visit. area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 
yes, one person, 
yes, one person, 
yes, i would like a 
i wouold like to leave the 
i wouold like to leave the cambridge university botanic gardens by 
hi, i'd like information for the restaurant called 
yes i would like information on 
i am looking for a hotel with a 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i need a train to ely from cambridge on 
yes, i need a train to 
yes, i need a train to ely from 
yes, i need a train to ely from cambridge on sunday, leaving at 
is this train going to 
is this train going to ely or departing ely? i believe i made a mistake is saying going to ely when i should be departing ely arriving in 
am looking for a train. the train should depart from 
am looking for a train. the train should depart from peterborough and should go to 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the 
i am looking for a 
let's try the 
is there a moderately priced restaurant in the 
is there a 
i was really hoping to try some 
okay, how about some 
i am heading to cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like to make a reservation for 7 people on 
i would like to make a reservation for 
we'd like to dine at 
yes, i would like to book for 
i need to find a 
i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for something in the 
can i get an 
the location does not matter but i need a 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant by the name of 
we will be dining on 
we will be dining on thursday at 13:15, and there are 
we will be dining on thursday at 
wonderful. can you also help me find a place to visit in the 
i would love to visit a 
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like to find an 
looking for a train, the train should arrive by 
looking for a train, the train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on 
looking for a train, the train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday. the train should go to cambridge and should depart from 
looking for a train, the train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday. the train should go to 
i'm looking for a train to 
i'm going to be leaving from cambridge. i need to leave on 
i'm going to be leaving from 
i'm going to be leaving from cambridge. i need to leave on tuesday by 
actually, i'd like to arrive by 
i need to find a expensive hotel in the 
i need to find a 
i need to find a expensive 
ok how about a guesthouse in the 
ok how about a guesthouse in the north that is 
ok how about a 
sure let's try a 
hi, what are some fun attractions in 
i need an attraction in the 
yes, i'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
yes, i'd also like to find an 
just pick one in the same area as queens' college, and can you book a table for 1 at 18:30 on 
just pick one in the same area as queens' college, and can you book a table for 
just pick one in the same area as queens' college, and can you book a table for 1 at 
yes, i'm looking for something in the 
alright could you tell me about the museums in the 
alright could you tell me about the 
yes, i'm also interested in a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. i need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, i'm also interested in a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. i need to book it for 
yes, i'm also interested in a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. i need to book it for 7 people for 
yes, i'm also interested in a hotel called 
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i don't know what area it is in, but i was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the 
yes, that would be great. can you reserve for me starting 
i need a place for 5 nights. and i need it for 
i need a place for 
i just want to find somewhere in the 
maybe a 
i want to leave the attraction by 
can i please have a cheap restaurant in the 
can i please have a 
i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the 
i want a place for dinner and serves a 
how about a 
yes, please. 6 people at 11:30 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 6 people at 
yes, let's shoot for the same thing but on 
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on 
i will be going from 
i will be going from ely to 
can you help me find a restaurant in the 
can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is 
i would like 
how about 
the reservation will be for 
yes, please give me the entrance fee for the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the east and should be in the 
yes, could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on 
yes, could you book me a table for 
yes, could you book me a table for 6 at 
i need a place to go in the 
i need a place to go in the centre for 
could you please check for 
i am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for wednesday at 17:30 for a party of 
can you book me a table for wednesday at 
yes. how about for 
i will also need a taxi to from 
i will also need a taxi to from old schools to 
i am looking to get a train to 
i am looking to get a train to cambridge from 
depart from kings lynn at 20:30 and leave on 
depart from 
depart from kings lynn at 
my mistake i need the train to arrive by 
my mistake i need the train to arrive by 02:30 on 
not doing well, i actually need to arrive cambridge at 
not doing well, i actually need to arrive cambridge at 20:30. i should leave on 
not doing well, i actually need to arrive 
ok. is there a hotel in town called the hotel gonville or 
i'm looking for a train that is going to 
i'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after 
i will be traveling on 
i will be leaving from cambridge. i will need 
i will be leaving from 
i also need to get a place to stay that is in the 
i also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 
hello! i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
hello! i'm looking for a 
i want 
is the yippee noodle bar 
yes can you book me a 
there will be two people. i want to book on june 18th. we will be staying 
i need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves 
i don't need to book a table, but i do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 
i am looking for a place to stay, a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap one, which 
what type of 
maybe, i'll decide once i get there. speaking of which, can you help me with a train to 
i'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from birmingham new street on 
i'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from 
i'd like to leave 
yes, actually i'd like to book 
i really need it to be in the 
i really need it to be in the south. if there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an 
i would like a 
i would like a spanish restaurant, preferrably 
try a different area other than the south. please make sure it is cheap 
try a different area other than the south. please make sure it is 
yes, please book 4 people on 
yes, please book 
yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at 
can you try a booking for 
look in another area. i want a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
yes, please book the ashley 
i would like to stay for 
i'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city 
i am also looking to eat out. expensive 
i am also looking to eat out. 
are there any expensive restaurants in the 
are there any 
how about an expensive restaurant in the 
how about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves 
how about an 
i would like it for just me because i don't have friends, for 11:45 on 
i would like it for just me because i don't have friends, for 
i would like it for just me because i don't have friends, for 
can you also arrange a taxi for me? i need to go from parkside pools to golden curry and arrive there by 
can you also arrange a taxi for me? i need to go from 
can you also arrange a taxi for me? i need to go from parkside pools to 
i'm looking for a great 
can you find me one that is in the 
hi there. i am hoping you could help me find a 
yes i am looking for something 
yes, the one in the 
yes, i would really appreciate that. can you get me a table for 5 on 
yes, i would really appreciate that. can you get me a table for 
yes, i would really appreciate that. can you get me a table for 5 on sunday at 
is there anything 
i'd like to find a 
that does not matter but i need it to have free wifi and in the 
sure. can you book it for 4 people? we will be staying there for 5 nights starting from 
sure. can you book it for 
sure. can you book it for 4 people? we will be staying there for 
sure. can you book it for 
i'm looking for a 
i need the place to be in the 
i would like it for 3 people 2 nights starting 
i would like it for 
i would like it for 3 people 
i also need to book an expensive 
i also need to book an 
same area as the hotel. i need a reservation for 3 at 17:30 on 
same area as the hotel. i need a reservation for 
same area as the hotel. i need a reservation for 3 at 
hello! my friends told me about a hotel called 
great! i will also need a train. i need to leave on 
great! i will also need a train. i need to leave on saturday and depart from 
going to 
going to london kings cross. i want to leave after 
i am looking to eat at a 
i am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the 
surprise me, i just need the booking for 8 people 
surprise me, i just need the booking for 
surprise me, i just need the booking for 8 people monday at 
hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves scottish cuisine. could you recommend somewhere near the 
hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves 
no, let's stay in the 
no, let's stay in the centre. are there any 
oh, no, i really need the hotel to be 
yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from 
yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from thursday for 
yes could you reserve that for me for 
yes please try for 
the booking should be for 
the booking should be for 5 people and 
thanks. yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the 
thanks. yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the alexander b & b to the restaurant. i need to leave the hotel by 
the hotel is the 
yes, i'd like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, i'd like to book 
yes, i'd like to book 
hi, i am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the 
hi, i am looking for a 
4 stars, please, but still just 
thank you. can you tell me if there is a train going to norwich on 
thank you. can you tell me if there is a train going to 
yes, after 19:45 and departing from 
yes, after 
i am looking for a place to stay that is in the 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a guesthouse in the south in the 
i would like a 
is there one in the 
no thank you. i am also looking for a train though going from 
no thank you. i am also looking for a train though going from cambridge to 
i'm leaving on 
i'm leaving on thursday, but to clarify, i want to depart from 
i'm leaving on thursday, but to clarify, i want to depart from kings lynn and arrive in 
i will be travelling on thursday, and i'd like to arrive by 
i will be travelling on 
need a restaurant serving 
any area would be fine! could i please get the address and postcode of a 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a moderately priced 
we would like a 
does 
does ashley 
could you give me the postcode, address, and number for 
i also need a train for 
from 
from norwich to 
i need to arrive by 
i don't have a preference for leaving. could you book it for 
i need a list of 
okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 
yes, can you book it for 
thank you. i also need a train to kings lynn that leaves on 
thank you. i also need a train to 
i want the train to leave after 
i need 
please find a cheap restaurant in the 
please find a 
i'll go with italian. i need you to book it for 7 people, at 11:00 on 
i'll go with italian. i need you to book it for 
i'll go with italian. i need you to book it for 7 people, at 
i'll go with 
i will be staying on the 
i want it to be 
i actually want to stay in the 
can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting 
can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting friday? there will be a total of 
can you go ahead and book me a room for 
i'm looking for somewhere to go in the 
can you give me the address and postcode for 
i need a train to 
i need a train to norwich, leaving after 
i am leaving on 
i'll be leaving from 
i am also looking for a guest house called 
i would like to find a restaurant called 
yes please. i need a table for 3 on 
yes please. i need a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 3 on tuesday at 
i would also like to check out a 
i will be visiting family in the 
i will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last 
how about a nightclub in the 
how about a 
i would like place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
i need a train that leaves on 
i need a train that leaves on friday after 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from cambridge and should go to 
sure. i also need a reservation at 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
sorry for the confusion. a hotel that is also in the 
sorry for the confusion. a hotel that is also in the centre, please. i would like it to have free parking and 
sorry for the confusion. a 
i'd like to book 5 nights, starting 
i'd like to book 
this will be for 
this will be for 
i am looking for a hotel by the name of the 
i'm also looking for a museum located in 
i'm also looking for a 
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a type of boat in the 
i'm looking for a type of 
is there a high end restaurant that serves 
i want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. the destination would be the 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
i want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the 
i want to find a restaurant serving 
that sounds great! could you book me a table for 8 people at 14:45 on 
that sounds great! could you book me a table for 
that sounds great! could you book me a table for 8 people at 
how about at 13:45 for 8 people on 
how about at 13:45 for 
how about at 
i'm also looking for a train to 
i'm also looking for a train to birmingham new street leaving after 
oh yes, of course, i'm leaving from cambridge on 
oh yes, of course, i'm leaving from 
i'm looking for a 
i need free wifi and would like it to be 
can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the 
can you just pick a hotel for me with 
maybe later. i'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the 
maybe later. i'd love to find a place to go look at 
that's fine. i'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by 
are there any guesthouses in the 
are there any 
yes i am looking for something in the 
yes, what about guesthouse in the 
yes, what about 
i'd like some details on the 
i am also looking for a train that leaves on 
i am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday from 
i am headed to 
i am headed to leicester and it should leave after 
yes, i'll need 
in the 
in the moderate price range please. oh and it needs to be a 
i'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. it needs to be in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay- a 
i also need a train for friday departing from ely to cambridge for 5 people and arriving by 
i also need a train for friday departing from ely to cambridge for 
i also need a train for 
i also need a train for friday departing from 
i also need a train for friday departing from ely to 
can you tell me if the restaurant 
great! any chance i could get a table for 7 there at 14:30 on 
great! any chance i could get a table for 
great! any chance i could get a table for 7 there at 
okay great. i am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to bishops stortford on 
okay great. i am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to 
okay great. i am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
do you have one in the 
great i am also looking for some info on a hotel called 
i also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 
yes, i am looking for an 
no anywhere would be fine but i would like a 
how about a 
how about a moderately priced 
could you see if they have 2 nights starting on 
could you see if they have 
i'm also looking for a museum in the 
i'm also looking for a 
i need a hotel with free wifi. i'm broke, though, so find me a 
i would prefer a guest house if any 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
not right now. thank you. i am also looking for a train that leaves on monday and arrives by 
not right now. thank you. i am also looking for a train that leaves on 
leaving 
leaving cambridge and headed to 
yes. the 17:21 would be perfect. please book it for 
i am looking for a place that is in the 
i am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers 
how about 
it doesn't matter really. but i want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on 
it doesn't matter really. but i want to book for 
it doesn't matter really. but i want to book for 5 people at 
there seems to be an error. thanks for booking the 
as long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. 
as long as its insanely 
i want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 5 people for 
thank you! i'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on 
thank you! i'm also looking for a train departing from 
i'm heading to broxbourne, and i need to arrive by 
i'm heading to 
hi, i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
hi, i would like to find an 
i am looking to eat some 
i would like a malaysian restaurant in the 
i would like a 
how about korean food in the 
how about 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
i want it to be a 
last thing i need is a taxi from 
last thing i need is a taxi from clare college to the hotel, and i need to leave by 
i am interested in finding the 
yes please. i need a room for 5 nights, arriving on 
yes please. i need a room for 5 nights, arriving on friday. there are 
yes please. i need a room for 
i don't have a specific price range, but i was hoping for somewhere 
that's fine. please make a reservation for 3 people on 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 3-star 
yes, at whichever one you think is nicer. i need a room for 2 nights on 
yes, at whichever one you think is nicer. i need a room for 2 nights on saturday. there are 
yes, at whichever one you think is nicer. i need a room for 
i am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with 
i am also looking for a place to dine in the 
it should be in the 
that's great. i'd like to book a table for the same group at 
leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 
i am looking for a nice 
i am looking for a nice bistro in cambridge, 
there's nothing moderate in all of the centre area? or just 
there's nothing 
is there a 
yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on 
yes, let's book a table for 
yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 
in the 
not price specific but i want something 
going from el shaddai to the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i don't have a preference. i'm just looking for a 
i guess we can go with the 
is 
i need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting 
i need rooms for 
yes, i need a hotel in the 
yes, i need a 
the 
the north. but i do need an actual 
what about the other 
could you book me a room at one of those? i need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
could you book me a room at one of those? i need it for 
could you book me a room at one of those? i need it for 6 people and 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
i'd like to find a moderately priced 
i'd like to find a 
i would like more varied 
i rather eat somewhere in the 
it doesn't matter. i'm looking for a nice 
thank you, i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
thank you, i'm also looking for an 
please get me a table for six at erania for 15:30 on 
please get me a table for six at erania for 
yes, i'm looking for an 
can you find a restaurant that serves british food and is in the 
can you find a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for something in the 
i'm also looking for a guesthouse with a 
i'm also looking for a 
i will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 8 people starting on 
i will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 
i will need to book the hotel for 
is there anything available for just 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and am looking for a 
moderate price range. and a 
ashely 
please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on 
please pick on and make reservations for 
please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 
i need to be at the restaurant by 
it appears that i forgot to book a restaurant reservation. i need something in the 
priced 
can you let me now what 
i have no specific area but i would like it to be 
thanks. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is 
i would like to stay in the 
yes, how about the 
great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on 
great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. there will be 
great. can you recommend one and book it for 
i will travel 
i will travel saturday after 
i will need 
i'm looking for a 
i don't have a preference for the type but i would like a place in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south, i'd like to have 
actually, i don't need to book it. can i get the address, postcode and phone number instead? and to make sure, this is a very 
thank you! can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at 
yeah, i'm going to be looking for some 
are any of those options located in the 
is it 
is there a restaurant in the 
is there a restaurant in the centre that serves 
is there a restaurant in the centre that serves british food and is in the 
yes. reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on 
yes. reserve a table for 
yes. reserve a table for 1 person at 
i need a 
no specific area but i do need wifi and a 
no specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced 
that sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting 
i'm also looking for a 
i want to leave the hotel by 
hi. please help me find a 
hi. please help me find a 4 star 
yes, but i just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in 
yes. please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 6 people for 
thanks for settling the lodging. i also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by 
thanks for settling the lodging. i also need a train to go to 
i'll be leaving from cambridge on 
i'll be leaving from 
yes, please choose the first option and book it for 
please find me a place to stay in the 
i would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on 
i would like to book the hotel for 
can i have the reference number for the hotel booking? i'd also like information about a restaurant called 
fantastic, thank you. what's the postcode for the 
yes, i need a taxi leaving from 
yes, i need a taxi leaving from bedouin and going to the 
yes, i need a taxi leaving from bedouin and going to the alexander b&b. i want to leave bedouin by 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for information on the 
yes, i need information about the 
well, i'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on 
well, i'd like to book a room for 
well, i'd like to book a room for 
i am looking for a place serving indian food in the 
i am looking for a place serving 
yes, please book for 3 people at 13:15 on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 3 people at 
actually, can we look for a train first? i need to be in cambridge by 
actually, can we look for a train first? i need to be in cambridge by 15:15 on 
actually, can we look for a train first? i need to be in 
i am leaving from 
i don't care about the price. i just need it to be in the 
i don't care about the price. i just need it to be in the north part of town, and have a 
is there a 3-star hotel or guesthouse in the 
is there a 
is there a 3-star 
lets go with a 
no, whichever you choose will be fine. i'll just need it booked for 4 people, 4 nights, and starting on 
no, whichever you choose will be fine. i'll just need it booked for 
no, whichever you choose will be fine. i'll just need it booked for 
no, whichever you choose will be fine. i'll just need it booked for 
looking for a train that leaves on 
leaving birmignham new street, to 
i would need to leave after 
not yet.. just needed the id. also, looking for a place to dine in the center of town at a 
that works for me. book it for 
that works for me. book it for 3 people at 
oh, bummer. how about 
i need some information on a place to eat call the 
thank you! will you please book a table for 1 for 13:30 on 
thank you! will you please book a table for 
thank you! will you please book a table for 1 for 
i also need a 4-star place to stay in the 
i also need a 
i'm going to the 
i have to make it there before 
i would like to take a train from 
i would like to take a train from cambridge to 
this thursday, and i would like to arrive by 
this 
yes, please make a booking for 
i need a restaurant in 
i need a restaurant in centre and in the 
i don't have a preference, i just want to book a table for 4 at 11:15 on 
i don't have a preference, i just want to book a table for 
i don't have a preference, i just want to book a table for 4 at 
im looking for some nightclubs in the 
im looking for some 
ok i need the address of the the 
thank you! i'm also looking for a 
how about one that is in the 
yes i need to make it for 6 people start 
yes i need to make it for 
yes i need to make it for 6 people start saturday for 
i'd like to book a taxi from 
i'd like to book a taxi from ask, departing after 1
i need to go to 
it doesn't matter when i arrive at 
it doesn't matter when i arrive at rice house as long as the taxi leaves after 1
i need a place to stay in the 
i would like it to have a star rating of 
please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on 
please book a 4 night stay for 
please book a 
please book a 
yes, i also need a restaurant with turkish food near the hotel in the 
yes, i also need a restaurant with 
i'd like the restaurant to be in the 
i'll take efes for 3 people on 
i'll take efes for 
i'll take efes for 3 people on saturday at 
i'll take 
how about for 3 people on 
how about for 
how about for 3 people on saturday at 
yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by 
please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. it will be at the restaurant by 
i need to find an expensive restauant that's in the 
i need to find an 
i would like information on booking a hotel for 
i would like information on booking a 
yes, what about for hotel for 
yes, what about for 
i'm sorry i don't need a 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
a 
please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on 
please book for 
please book for 7 people, 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave on 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave on wednesday and should depart from 
i'm headed to bishops stortford. i'd like to leave 
i'm headed to 
i'm headed to bishops stortford. i'd like to leave cambridge after 
that is fine. book for 
i would like a moderately prices restaurant in the 
i would like a 
a french restaurant in the 
a 
i need an expensive restaurant in the 
i need an 
really interested in 
how about one that serves 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 7 on 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 7 on wednesday at 
can you also help me with a train? i'm looking for one to cambridge arriving by 
can you also help me with a train? i'm looking for one to 
i need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 
i need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 0
i need a train that departs from 
i need a train that departs from kings lynn going to 
i need a place to stay that is 
i actually want a 
sure. there will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on 
sure. there will be 
sure. there will be 
do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve 
how about one that serves 
price doesn't matter. i would like to book a table for 7 people at 13:00 on 
price doesn't matter. i would like to book a table for 
price doesn't matter. i would like to book a table for 7 people at 
i would love to look at cambridge's 
please find me a place in the 
please find me a place in the south that serves 
yes, i would like the one in the 
i need to take a train that arrives by 
i need to take a train that arrives by 15:00 on 
i am leaving from 
i need to get to 
i'm looking for this hotel called 
i'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on 
i'll be staying for 
wow, thanks. we want to eat at a restaurant called the 
i need to get a table for 6 people at 16:00 on 
i need to get a table for 
i need to get a table for 6 people at 
could you recommend a 
the 
the centre of the city, with a 
no, i don't have a preference, i would like a reservation on 
no, i don't have a preference, i would like a reservation on sunday at 
how about for 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 
no, but it should be in the 
pick one and book me for 5 people lasting three nights starting 
pick one and book me for 
thanks for the room booking. can you locate a restaurant for me, too? the name is 
yes, for 5 people on 
yes, for 
yes, for 5 people on friday around 
yes it is, but if 13:4
yes it is, but if 
i need to get to a restaurant known as 
thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on 
thanks, please make a reservation there for 
thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 
hi, i'm trying to find a place to stay called the 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for me for 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for me for 6 people, 
thank you for the reference number. are there any cheap places to dine in the 
thank you for the reference number. are there any 
any of the two would work. as long as you can book it for 
any of the two would work. as long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for 
ok, try 
is the 
great. can you reserve a room for me for 
great. can you reserve a room for me for thursday? there will be 
great. can you reserve a room for me for thursday? there will be 
i am also looking for thai food in 
i am also looking for 
okay please book a table for the same group of people at 
i want to go from the alpha-milton to bangkok city by 
i want to go from the alpha-milton to 
hi, i'm looking for a persian restaurnt in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
how about 
hello there, when i visit cambridge, i'd love to go to a college. are there any in the 
hello there, when i visit cambridge, i'd love to go to a 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a 2 star 
i'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more 
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting 
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the 
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 
i'm looking for a 
yes, something in the 
i'm sorry, i do need something expensive. is 
i'm sorry, i do need something 
yes, i'd like reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on 
yes, i'd like reservation for 
yes, i'd like reservation for 8 people t 
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. i want to leave the restaurant at 
i'd like to go to 
i want to get a train out of 
i want to get a train out of cambridge that departs after 
ok. how about a train to the 
i would like to book the 2
i would like to book the 21:40 train on 
yes, i am also looking to eat some 
how about 
the one in the west works please. can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about 
could you please check for a table at 
could you please check for a table at 
hello, have you heard of the 
can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 4 people at 
the same day as the restaurant booking i am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 
the same day as the restaurant booking i am going to 
i would like to leave from 
thanks. would you be able to help me find a place to stay in the 
that doesn't matter. i would like a 
that is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 5 nights staring on 
that is sufficient, please book me for 
that is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 
also looking for a train leaving norwich after 14:00 and arriving in cambridge on 
also looking for a train leaving norwich after 1
i'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm trying to find a 
can you tell me about any 
can you tell me about any modern european places in the 
i'd rather have some place in the 
i also need a train for 
i also need a train for sunday that leaves after 
i would like to leave after 
i need a 
i need it to b 
can we try in the 
alright, can you book me a room please. i want to stay on 
alright, can you book me a room please. i want to stay on sunday for 
it looks like we'll have a total of 
i would like to find 
yes, 
yes, sunday, 
yes, sunday, 5 people for 
hi, i am looking for a 
hi, i am looking for a 4 star 
money is no object, but i'd like it to be a 4 star location please. and i'd only like to stay on the 
money is no object, but i'd like it to be a 
i need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this 
i need a place that has enough beds for 
i need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 
whatever is available. but i would prefer a 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub food and is 
no i will just go there. can you help me find some museums in the 
no i will just go there. can you help me find some 
i am looking for a guesthouse in the 
i am looking for a guesthouse in the north. i would like it to be 
i am looking for a 
what about one in the 
i also need to find a train for 
i also need to find a train for friday going to cambridge from 
i also need to find a train for friday going to 
i also need to find a train for friday going to cambridge from norwich and leaving after 
can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can you find me a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of 
it should be in the 
it should be in the west and have a star rating of 
i'd like to book for 7 people 2 nights on 
i'd like to book for 
i'd like to book for 7 people 
hello! i'm just planning my trip to 
depart from birmingham new street ,i want to leave on friday and arrive by 
depart from birmingham new street ,i want to leave on 
depart from 
i'm sorry. yes. please book the train on friday arriving by 
i'm sorry. yes. please book the train on friday arriving by 
i'm sorry. yes. please book the train on 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in the 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a 
sure! does it include free parking? if so i am looking for a reservation for 1 starting 
sure! does it include free parking? if so i am looking for a reservation for 
sure! does it include free parking? if so i am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 
i am looking for directions to 
no, but i need to book a table for 6 people at 12:30 on 
no, but i need to book a table for 
no, but i need to book a table for 6 people at 
thank you, i also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from 
thank you. i also want to book a train for the same day, departing from birmingham new street and arriving in cambridge by 
thank you. i also want to book a train for the same day, departing from 
thank you. i also want to book a train for the same day, departing from birmingham new street and arriving in 
the 9:23 arrival is perfect timing! i need it for the same 
the 
i am visiting cambridge and would like to stay at 
i wish to book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
i wish to book it for 
i wish to book it for 5 people and 
i am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the 
the only requirement i have is that it be located in the 
perfect, thanks. can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? i'd like to leave the hotel by 
hi there, i'd love to find a 
well i would like something with 
i really would like it to have a 3 star rating. if bridge guest house does, then yes, please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on 
i really would like it to have a 
i really would like it to have a 3 star rating. if bridge guest house does, then 
i really would like it to have a 
please make a reservation for 
please make a reservation for 
please make a reservation for 
please help me locate a restaurant in the 
please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves 
is there one that serves 
yes, i also need to find a 
something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the 
something with free parking, 
that is great. can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on 
that is great. can you book me for 
that is great. can you book me for 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
hi, i'm looking for information on the 
that's the one! could you make a reservation for me? there are two of us coming in on 
that's the one! could you make a reservation for me? there are two of us coming in on sunday and we'd like to stay for 
can you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
can you please help me find an 
it would be great if it included wifi and was in the 
friday, 
there will be 
i would like information about 
can you tell me about museums in the 
can you tell me about 
i also want to find the hotel called 
yes, please book for 4 nights on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 
i would to visit a college in the 
i would to visit a 
i would like it to be in the 
yes. 
yes. tuesday, 13:00, for 
yes. tuesday, 
hi, i'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
lets go with asian. can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on 
lets go with asian. can you book a table for 
lets go with asian. can you book a table for 7 at 
lets go with 
i will be traveling on thursday and i need the train to arrive by 
hi, i want to find out about 
excellent, i also need a 
excellent, i also need a cheap 
yes, please. for 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 6 people for 
how about for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
it should be on the 
i do not need free parking. can you book one of them for 
i do not need free parking. can you book one of them for thursday? i have 
i do not need free parking. can you book one of them for thursday? i have 8 people and we need to stay for 
i also also need a place to eat in the 
i would like to book a table at the italian restaurant for 8 people on 
i would like to book a table at the italian restaurant for 
i would like to book a table at the italian restaurant for 8 people on thursday at 
i would like to book a table at the 
i am looking for a museum to visit in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, please. it should be in the 
also, i need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. the price should be 
also, i need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. the price should be cheap or 
also, i need to book a 
not right now, thanks. i do need a taxi, though. i want to leave the hotel at 
can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the 
can you help me find a very 
lets go with the 
sounds great. book me there for 12:45 on 
sounds great. book me there for 12:4
sounds great. book me there for 
what other options are there for 
what other options are there for italian food? maybe i could go for a 
can you find me a cheap italian restaurant in the 
can you find me a cheap italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 12:45 on 
can you find me a cheap italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 
can you find me a cheap italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 
can you find me a cheap 
can you find me a 
i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and is leaving on 
i'm also looking for a train that departs from 
i need to get to ely by 
i need to get to 
i would like to get some info on the 
i also need a 
i would like that to be located in the 
no particular price range, but i would like it to be 
that sounds great. could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? i want to get there 
that sounds great. could you book it please for 
that sounds great. could you book it please for 6 people for 
that sounds great. could you book it please for 6 people for 
need a hostel, free parking and in the 
i would prefer a hotel with a 
i would prefer a 
actually, i need to know, does the 
great! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive 
great! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves 
hey, when i was a kid my parents took me to a place called the 
i need to book a table for 5 at 16:45 on 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 5 at 
i was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to 
i want to leave on monday and arrive by 
i want to leave on 
i would like to leave on 
i need a train leaving broxbourne on 
i need a train leaving 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
yes, please. i'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the 
yes, please. i'm also looking for a hotel that's 
i am looking for a german restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
how about one that serves 
i think i can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any 
yes, on second thought i would like help finding a restaurant. what do you know about 
i need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 
i'm looking for a 
no, but it should have a star of 
would you book it for me, please. there are 
would you book it for me, please. there are 3 of us staying for 
we will be checking in on 
hello, i am interested in seeing the attractions on the 
yes, im looking for a nice high end 
yes, i was hoping for 
that's more information than i needed to know. i'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. i was looking for expensive 
that's more information than i needed to know. i'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. i was looking for 
on the 
do they serve 
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the 
how about an expensive 
i am looking for a restaurant named 
i would like to book a table for 7 at 11:15 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 7 at 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i would like for it to be in the 
hmm, i kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the 
hmm, i kind of was looking for something 
can you try a 
how about one that is in the type of 
yeah, sorry. any area is actually fine. i just want somewhere with 4 stars, 
yeah, sorry. any area is actually fine. i just want somewhere with 
yeah, sorry. any area is actually fine. i just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. preferably a hotel, but 
yeah, sorry. any area is actually fine. i just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. preferably a 
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes, i want to book it for 
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 
yes please - i love interesting architecture. is there anything interesting in the 
yes please - i love interesting 
can you chekc for 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'd like to find an 
can you make a reservation for 5 people at 18:00 on 
can you make a reservation for 
can you make a reservation for 5 people at 
i'm hoping to book a train from 
i'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to 
i need to leave wednesday and arrive after 
i need to leave 
i would like to leave after 
i would like to leave after 
yeah, that works. can you recommend a 
yeah, that works. can you recommend a 0 star 
i'm looking for some 
well, how about a 
i need a train leaving on 
i need a train leaving on friday from 
sorry i messed up before. i actually did want an expensive restaurant. is 
sorry i messed up before. i actually did want an 
thanks i also need a trin from 
thanks i also need a trin from cambridge to 
i would like to arrive by 
i would like to arrive by 11:00. can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 
i need help finding a train departing from 
i need help finding a train departing from cambridge and going to 
i would like to go on 
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to leicester and it needs to arrive by 
oh, i need to change the day to 
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to 
yes please book it for 
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star 
yes, hi. i am looking for a train to get me out of 
yes, i would like to go to peterborough. i want to travel on friday and get there by 
yes, i would like to go to peterborough. i want to travel on 
yes, i would like to go to 
i just need to get there by 
to peterborough, please, for 4 people. i need to arrive by 
to peterborough, please, for 
to 
i would like to stay in the 
i am looking for a 
no but can you find one in the 
go ahead and book the 
there will be two of us staying 4 nights from 
there will be two of us staying 
oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? i need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from 
oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? i need to book it for 
oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? i need to book it for 6 people for 
oh dear well what about local 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
yes, please! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes, please! for 
yes, please! for 6 people for 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
no, but i'd like a guesthouse of at leas 
no, but i'd like a 
4 people and 2 nights starting from 
4 people and 
i may have gotten mixed up. i am departing from 
i may have gotten mixed up. i am departing from stevenage to go to 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the 
i want a 
what about one that serves 
hello, i'm looking for local tourist attractions located in the 
yes tell me about the 
thank you. could yo also find a 
thank you. could yo also find a polish restaurant in the 
how about something that serves 
yes please for 4 people on 
yes please for 
yes please for 4 people on saturday at 
a moderately priced restaurant in the 
a 
i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
yes could you book a table for 
i am looking for attractions in the 
yes, thanks! i also need a table at la raza, please. 
yes, thanks! i also need a table at la raza, please. tuesday, 
yes, thanks! i also need a table at la raza, please. tuesday, 3 people, at 
yes, thanks! i also need a table at 
really? can you try one more time? i really wanted la raza on 
really? can you try one more time? i really wanted la raza on tuesday for 
really? can you try one more time? i really wanted la raza on tuesday for 3 people at 
really? can you try one more time? i really wanted 
it really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on 
it really needs to be 19:00 for 
it really needs to be 
it really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on tuesday at 
how about 
yes, 3 people at 19:00 on 
yes, 
yes, 3 people at 
okay, well, i'll take my chances on availability when i get there. i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 
i am looking for a train that departs from 
i am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. i need to leave after 
i would like to leave from 
i would like to leave from kings lynn and go to 
thank you. i am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
can you help me find a 
i need something 
i need something cheap, but i am hoping for at least 
how about the guesthouse in the 
how about the 
thank you, i also need to know if theres a train that leaves from 
thank you, i also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after 
i will be going to 
i'm sorry, the train i'm looking for should depart 
i'm sorry, the train i'm looking for should depart friday and go to 
i need 
i need to find a train leaving on 
i need to find a train leaving on friday from 
i need to find a train leaving on friday from london liverpool street and arriving in 
yes i'd like to arrive in cambridge by 
yes i'd like to arrive in 
please book it for me.i also need a place to stay,a 
i don't need any specific area, just need a guesthouse that is 
i don't need any specific area, just need a 
perfect. thank you. that's all the information i need for 
i'm planning a trip with an arthurian theme. i've heard there's a hotel called 
actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
actually, can you book 
actually, can you book 6 people for 
is there a reference number for the hotel? i also need a train to 
i need to get to liverpool st on 
i need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but i can't leave 
i need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but i can't leave cambridge until after 
yes please, for 
i am looking for a place to go that includes 
that is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the 
that is great is there a 
i would prefer a 
i really need a hotel in the 
i really need a 
no i really need the price range to be 
i'm sorry, i misspoke earlier. the allenbell will be fine. could you see if they have any rooms starting on 
i'm sorry, i misspoke earlier. the allenbell will be fine. could you see if they have any rooms starting on tuesday for 3 nights? there will be 
i'm sorry, i misspoke earlier. the allenbell will be fine. could you see if they have any rooms starting on tuesday for 
i'm sorry, i misspoke earlier. the 
yes, i would also like a taxi that will leave from 
yes, i would also like a taxi that will leave from camboats by 
a place in the 
not really. i would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from 
not really. i would like you to pick one and book it for 
not really. i would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 
can yo find an 
can yo find an indian restaurant in the 
sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on 
sounds great, can you reserve me for 
sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at 
i am hoping you can help me find a train departing from cambridge on 
i am hoping you can help me find a train departing from 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on saturday around 13:15 going to 
i would like to leave on saturday around 
yes, can you book spots on that for 
thanks. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
thanks. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
can you recommend a 
let's see what's available in the 
also i need a hotel called 
whats the postcode and address to 
i need a 
i need some place 
i don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
i don't care, book it for 
i don't care, book it for 6 people and 
let's try a cinema in the 
let's try a 
i need a taxi. i want to leave the cinema at 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a 2 star 
i need a 
then a 
okay can i make a booking at ashley hotel for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
okay can i make a booking at ashley hotel for 
okay can i make a booking at ashley hotel for 6 people and 
okay can i make a booking at 
okay can i make a booking at ashley 
i want to dine in a place in the 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
i would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the 
no. i said 
how about 
is one of those expensive? if so, book me a table there for 
is one of those expensive? if so, book me a table there for thursday for 
is one of those expensive? if so, book me a table there for thursday for 8 people at 
is one of those 
i am also looking for a train from cambridge on 
i am also looking for a train from 
hi, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. can you help me find a place that serves 
sure, can you look up 
can we try something 
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes, please. i need rooms for 
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 people for 
thank you! i also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 
i am looking for a restaurant that servers 
the restaurant should be in the 
can you give me the contact information for the 
great, thank you. are there any 
check the 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from christ's college and need to leave by 
i'm visiting cambridge, i want to spoil myself, i am looking for a four star place to stay which is 
it doesn't really matter what area. but, i really prefer a 
i would like to book the 
2 people and 
it should be in the 
it should be in the north and it should be 
a 
yes, please. the reservation will need to be for 
yes, please. the reservation will need to be for tuesday, 
yes, please. the reservation will need to be for tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at 
i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by 
can you recommend a guesthouse at a 
can you recommend a 
i am looking for something in a 
yes i would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a 
yes i would like to book that for 
yes i would like to book that for 8 people for 
thanks, i'm also looking for a place that serves 
yes. i really would prefer somewhere 
yes, i would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve 
i am looking for an attraction of 
please, also look for a restaurant in the 
please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the 
no, i would just need a reservation for 3 at 13:00 on 
no, i would just need a reservation for 
no, i would just need a reservation for 3 at 
can you help me find a 
i would like something cheap in the 
i would like something 
there will be 6 of us arriving on 
there will be 
there will be 6 of us arriving on sunday, and we need to stay for 
yeah, could you find me a train? i'm in 
yeah, could you find me a train? i'm in cambridge, and i'd like to go over to 
yes, i'd like to leave after 21:00 on 
yes, i'd like to leave after 
i will take the 2
great, thank you! i'd like to find a place to stay, too. i'm thinking of something in the 
no preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 
i'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the 
i'm going on a date and need an 
no, i really prefer 
aww, that's too bad. hmm, can you see if there is an expensive asian oriental restaurant on the 
aww, that's too bad. hmm, can you see if there is an expensive 
aww, that's too bad. hmm, can you see if there is an 
that sounds good. i want to book a table for 5 people on 
that sounds good. i want to book a table for 
that sounds good. i want to book a table for 5 people on saturday at 
i'm looking for cheap eats in the 
i'm looking for 
i am interested in 
yes, please! can i have a table for 1 at charlie chan on 
yes, please! can i have a table for 
yes, please! can i have a table for 1 at charlie chan on sunday at 
yes, please! can i have a table for 1 at 
i am looking for a place to stay that is a 
the hotel should have a star of 
the 
yes, four people for four nights, starting 
can you try another 
i need a guesthouse in the 
i need a 
any area is fine, but i'd like to book rooms for 8 people. we'll be staying 5 nights, beginning on 
any area is fine, but i'd like to book rooms for 
any area is fine, but i'd like to book rooms for 8 people. we'll be staying 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant called the 
i'd like to book a table there for 8 at 16:00 on 
i'd like to book a table there for 
i'd like to book a table there for 8 at 
yes, see if 
i am looking for places to go and i would like something in the 
i am looking for any type of attraction in the 
great. i'm going to need a hotel too. it needs to be 
great. i'm going to need a hotel too. it needs to be cheap but have a 
i guess you can book that then. for two nights starting on 
there will be 
i'd like to leave by 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves 
i want to go to a 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. i need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 
i'm also looking for a 
the price doesn't matter. i do want it to be in the 
are there any 4 star guesthouses in the 
are there any 
are there any 4 star 
yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting 
yes, please, for 
yes, please, for 6 people, for 
yes, please, for 6 people, for 
the hotel by 
i need a place to eat that is 
do you have any restaurants that serve 
how about some awesome indian food. i need a table for 8 on 16:30 
how about some awesome indian food. i need a table for 
how about some awesome indian food. i need a table for 8 on 
how about some awesome 
i'm looking to travel to 
yes, please book 
i'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the 
i'm looking for an 
okay. how about one 
can you help me find a place to stay that has a 
thank you. i am looking for a hotel in the 
i do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 
i do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a 
yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 1 person for 
yes, please book for 1 person for 
i'm actually just looking for a 
yes please. i am looking for a hotel in the 
yes please. i am looking for a hotel in the north side of town in the 
are there any hotels in the 
are there any hotels in the north that include free parking and free wifi that are 
yes please book that for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes please book that for 
yes please book that for 
i want to check out a theater in the 
can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the 
can you recommend a 
how about one in the 
no, i don't. i just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
no, i don't. i just a reservation for 
no, i don't. i just a reservation for 
i need to go to the theatre. i need to leave the hotel by 
i need a train on 
i need a train on thursday going to 
departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by 
departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by 13:45 on 
departing from 
departing from london liverpool street going to 
thanks. i also need to find a place to dine. i'm looking for something moderate in price and in the 
thanks. i also need to find a place to dine. i'm looking for something 
let's try 
i'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city 
does this restaurant serve 
okay. great. can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at 16:15 for this 
okay. great. can you book me a reservation there for 
okay. great. can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at 
thanks. i will also need take a train from 
i need to arrive by 
hello, i am going to be visiting cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the 
perfect i would like to book it for 
we will arrive on 
i also need a place to go. in the center, to do 
how about a 
i'm looking for the information on a restaurant named 
can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 7 at 
i'm looking for cheap food in the 
i'm looking for 
i think i'd like 
what about an 
great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on 
great yes please book me a table there for 
great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 
i need a restaurant that serves 
i need a restaurant that serves thai food, that is 
that sounds perfect. can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 3:15 pm on 
that sounds perfect. can you make a reservation for me for 
that sounds perfect. can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 
yes, i also need a place to stay. same price range as the restaurant and in the 
tell me what 
i need a place to dine in cambridge with expensive 
i need a place to dine in cambridge with 
i want one in the 
book a table for 4 people at 12:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 4 people at 
thank you. can you help me find a nightclub also in the city 
i am looking for a hotel called 
that's fine i guess. i need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the 
that's fine i guess. i need to reserve a table at an 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
thank you! i'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of 
yes, i need a taxi to get from the restaurant to 
no, i need a taxi from 
it should leave by 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i need a place to eat with a 
i really need it to be moderate in price and located in 
i really need it to be 
yes, i'm also still looking for a hotel. some kind of 
that's cool, but how about something more 
the guest house does not need to be in the 
that sounds good, can i get a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting 
that sounds good, can i get a room for 
that sounds good, can i get a room for 4 people for 
hi, i am planning a trip to 
i will be departing from 
leaving on monday after 9:15. i would like a booking for 
leaving on 
leaving on monday after 
could you also look up the hotel called 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is 
either would work for me. just a decent room is all i really need. i'm going to be at a business conference in the 
yes please. i'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on 
yes please. i'll need a room for 
yes please. i'll need a room for 7 people and 
yes, i need a train on 
yes, i need a train on tuesday from 
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after 
i will be in cambridge during bastille day, can you help me find a french themed restaurant in the 
i will be in cambridge during bastille day, can you help me find a 
18:00 on 
are there any entertainment attractions in the 
are there any 
how about a 
preferably a 
actually, type does not matter. but i want somewhere with 4 stars and wifi in the 
actually, type does not matter. but i want somewhere with 
as long as it has 
i'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. i want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the 
i'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. i want the hotel to be fairly 
i'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. i want the 
i really need a 
no, i'd like one in the 
i need an expensive restaurant in 
i need an 
i want 
sure, can i get a reservation for 
sure, can i get a reservation for sunday at 16:15? i will need a table for 
sure, can i get a reservation for sunday at 
no i just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on 
no i just need the reference number for the reservation for 
no i just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on sunday at 
in terms of type, i want a hotel. and i'd like 4 stars and wifi as well, with a location in the 
in terms of type, i want a hotel. and i'd like 
i'm looking to book a particular 
i'm actually looking for 
do they have free parking and what type of 
actually, i want to go from 
i need to leave the attraction by 
i need a place to stay in the 
i would prefer a place in the 
i would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 
no, i do not need parking. i would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning 
no, i do not need parking. i would need you to book a place for 
yes, please book it. i need a reference number. i also need to book a train leaving after 13:15 on 
yes, please book it. i need a reference number. i also need to book a train leaving after 
yes, please book it. i need a reference number. i also need to book a train leaving after 1
1 person and 3 nights starting 
1 person and 
thank you i also need a train leaving after 13:15 on 
thank you i also need a train leaving after 
thank you i also need a train leaving after 1
the train should go to cambridge and should depart from 
the train should go to 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
i'm looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the 
i am looking in the 
yes, surprise me please! it's for 8 people at 16:30 on 
yes, surprise me please! it's for 
yes, surprise me please! it's for 8 people at 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like to be in the 
i want something 
could you make a reservation for 3 people at 15:15 on 
could you make a reservation for 
could you make a reservation for 3 people at 
i need to catch a train that departs from 
i need to catch a train that departs from leicester after 
i would like to leave on 
yes, please. i'll need a booking for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay that's a 
yes please. for 
hi, i'm looking for information on the 
yes i would like to find information on a restaurant called 
i want a table for 2 people at 12:30 on 
i want a table for 
i want a table for 2 people at 
i'm looking for a hotel in 
the 
the centre of town and with a 
i don't need to make a reservation. i am just looking for information on a hotel. can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the 
i don't need to make a reservation. i am just looking for information on a hotel. can you help me find a 
i guess i'll change my price range. are there any 
let's go with 
that's ok. i need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. i want to leave the pool by 
okay. is there a hotel close to kings hedges learner pool that has free parking and wifi? i would prefer a four star location in the 
what is the price range for the 
kings hedges learner pool will still be fine. i'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the 
kings hedges learner pool will still be fine. i'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 
i want to find 
what is the entrance fee for 
i also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 
i also need a place to stay that is a 
looking for a 
i'll be traveling from leicester to cambridge on 
i'll be traveling from 
i'll be traveling from leicester to 
i'd like to arrive by 
great, thanks for that. i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star hotel but 
great, thanks for that. i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should be a 
can you find me a 
i would like for it to be in the 
i would like for it to be in the centre. price does not matter. i need a reservation for 8 at 11:15 on 
i would like for it to be in the centre. price does not matter. i need a reservation for 
i would like for it to be in the centre. price does not matter. i need a reservation for 8 at 
i'm looking for a museum to visit in the 
i'm looking for a 
i also need a restaurant in the same area? 
hmmm, i'm hungry for some 
thank you! please book a table for 8 people at 14:00 on 
thank you! please book a table for 
thank you! please book a table for 8 people at 
hi, i'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes, sounds good. i'd like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from 
yes, sounds good. i'd like to book for 
yes, sounds good. i'd like to book for 6 people for 
would you be able to get it for 
where is the restaurant called 
yes, book me a table for 
yes, book me a table for 2 at 
can you check the availability at the 
actually for 
actually for 
i would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the 
can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from 
can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 
can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 
can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 
i am also looking to visit a museum in the 
i am also looking to visit a 
thank you, i also need a taxi. i want to leave 
thank you, i also need a taxi. i want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the 
thank you, i also need a taxi. i want to leave gonville hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i want an expensive restaurant in the 
i want an 
mexican will would great. i need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on 
mexican will would great. i need a reservation for 
mexican will would great. i need a reservation for 2 at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
the restaurant should serve 
i'm not sure yet. can you tell me what trains are traveling to cambridge on 
i'm not sure yet. can you tell me what trains are traveling to 
i need to arrive from stevenage by 
i need to arrive from 
do you have any arrive closer to 
looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the 
i would. it's a party of 6 for 
i would. it's a party of 
i would. it's a party of 6 for monday at 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town 
can you help me find an 
i was thinking maybe trying something 
that sounds great! can i book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on 
that sounds great! can i book a talbe for 
that sounds great! can i book a talbe for 7 people at 
i would like a hungarian restaurant in the 
i would like a 
is there any indian food on the 
is there any 
i want to take a trip to 
i'm leaving from peterborough on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from peterborough on tuesday and the train should arrive after 
oh, yes, i meant i need to leave after 
please book that train. i'm also in search of a particular hotel. it's called 
can we book the hotel for 1 person and 5 nights starting from 
can we book the hotel for 
can we book the hotel for 1 person and 
i need a train that is leaving from 
i am going on 
i am going on wednesday and should go to 
i would like to leave after 
yes great!. now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the 
i am looking for something that serves 
how about 
that would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 
where is the 
where is the 
i'd like a place to say that is a 
i have no preference for area but i am looking for something with a 4 star rating and 
i have no preference for area but i am looking for something with a 
i would prefer a 
i would prefer a 4 star 
ok, can you send me the address and area of aylesbray lodge? i am also looking for a restaurant called 
i'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 19:45 
i'd like to book table at the royal spice for 
i'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 
i'd like to book table at the 
can i book a taxi from acorn guest house to aylesbray lodge? it needs to get there by 
can i book a taxi from 
can i book a taxi from acorn guest house to 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
one that serves curry. is there a nice 
actually, what about an expensive 
actually, what about an 
i also need a train leaving from cambridge on 
i also need a train leaving from 
i'm going to 
i'm going to london liverpool street and i'd like to leave sometime after 
i would be interested in the train leaving at 9:59. can you book me for that one for 
yes could you please confirm the travel time as well for tr
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
i'm not sure yet. what types of 
what is the star rating of the 
yes, i would like a restaurant that is also in the 
im feeling 
i would prefer for it to be 
i'd like an expensive restuarant in the 
i'd like an 
i am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving 
i am looking for the address and phone number of an 
can you help me find a nice 
yes. it should be inthe 
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably 
yes please, 6 guests at 18:00 on 
yes please, 
yes please, 6 guests at 
area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and 
i am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves 
i am needed to find a 
i am interested in the one in the 
yes, please for 19:00 on 
yes, please for 
book a table for 
i am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the 
how about a guesthouse that is in the 
worth house sounds much nicer. that is 
i feel like going to a 
i also need a hotel. preferably a 
i also need a 
i would like to book the one that is in the 
it will be 
starting on 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food and is 
yes, what about 
may i have the address of 
i am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge in a 
i am looking for a 
yes, for 7 people. we want to check in on 
yes, for 
how about 
i also need a train leaving from norwich arriving at in cambride by 
i also need a train leaving from 
yes, that's perfect. please book for the same day, 
yes, that's perfect. please book for the same day, friday, and the same number of people, 
i need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on 
i need a place to stay, some hotel with 
i would like for it to be in the 
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting 
yes, i would like to book that for 
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 
i am also looking for a cheap 
i am also looking for a 
i'd prefer the 
i would like to leave by 
i need an 
i need an italian place in the 
are any of those options located in the 
please book a taxi between 
please book a taxi between all saints church and 
please book a taxi between all saints church and pizza express, i'd like to leave the church by 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 
yes, i need a restaurant that serves 
that's ok, can you look for an 
i need to make a reservation at a hotel called 
i am looking for places to go in the 
is there a 
in the 
yes, i also need a place to stay. are there any 4 star hotel in the 
yes, i also need a place to stay. are there any 
the price doesn't matter as long as it's a 
i would like a place in the 
i would like a place in the centre of town, serves 
i would like a place in the centre of town, serves indian food and on the 
i am also looking for a hotel called the 
yes, i would like to book 5 nights starting 
yes, i would like to book 5 nights starting wednesday for 
yes, i would like to book 
yes from the restaurant to my hotel. i need to leave the restaurant by 
yes it is the 
i am also looking to go to a 
yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? i'll want to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
can you look for 
i need to take a train to 
i need to take a train to cambridge, it would have to be late after 
um, well i should mention that we will be departing 
um, well i should mention that we will be departing kings lynn and going to 
this one will leave on 
it's the 
could you book it for 
could you book it for 3 people. it will be for 
my friend recommended 
great! can you help me book a table for 
yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on 
yes make a booking for 
yes make a booking for 5 people at 
yes, i need a train departing 
yes, i need a train departing cambridge going to 
i want to leave after 13:15 on 
i want to leave after 
yes, please book it for 
please locate me an italian restaurant in the 
please locate me an 
it should be 
i need to find the 
right, as i states above, 
could i get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the 
i need to leave from 
i need to arrive by 
something in the 
no. i don't but i've heard 
let's book it for 8 at 15:00 on 
let's book it for 
let's book it for 8 at 
i am going to the 
can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can you recommend a 
hotel should be in the moderate and in 
hotel should be in the 
i'm looking for an attraction called 
i want to find out more about the 
i want to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 8 people and 
were you able to book it for 
great. do you also have any entertainment venues in the 
great. do you also have any 
awesome. i'm also looking for the 
that's the one. could you book a table for 3 on 
that's the one. could you book a table for 
we'd like the reservation made for 1
we'd like the reservation made for 
i would like to find a cheap 
i would like to find a 
what cheap restaurants are in the 
what 
how about 
yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 7 people at 
i would like a 
can you please provide me with the postcode and phone number for the 
hi. have you heard of 
i'm sorry, i actually need a train on wednesday from peterborough to cambridge. i need to arrive by 
i'm sorry, i actually need a train on 
i'm sorry, i actually need a train on wednesday from 
i'm sorry, i actually need a train on wednesday from peterborough to 
yes,please book it for 
yes, i'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
i would prefer 
is that in the 
is that in the east in the moderate price range? if it is i would like a table for the same day for 
is that in the east in the moderate price range? if it is i would like a table for the same day for 7 people at 
is that in the east in the 
yes, i will try for a little earlier, how about 
can you book me a train to cambridge that leaves on 
can you book me a train to 
i would like to leave from 
i would like to leave from stansted airport after 
okay thanks, i also need info for the 
i would like to make a reservation for 6 people on 
i would like to make a reservation for 
i'd like the table for 
could you please try 
hi! i need a train to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on wednesday from 
i will be traveling on wednesday from cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the 
need one in the 
need one in the east and have 
3 nights starting from 
i need it for 
i'm looking for some 
yes, i'd like to stay in the 
i also need a hotel in the 
i also need a hotel in the centre in the 
can you try looking in the 
i need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting 
i need a hotel for people for 
it will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
it will be 
it will be 4 people and 
i want an expensive 
i want an 
in the 
a train. the train should arrive by 
a train. the train should arrive by 20:45 and should go to 
departing from cambridge on 
departing from 
it doesn't matter what time i leave as long as i arrive at the airport by 
yes please, can you book 
i am looking for something expensive in the 
i am looking for something 
i'm sorry, make that the 
i'm sorry, make that the centre of town. a 
yes i would like a table for 4 people at 16:00 on 
yes i would like a table for 
yes i would like a table for 4 people at 
i am looking for an expensive place in the 
i am looking for an 
no thank you. what is the 
no thank you. what is the 
hi i am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the 
hi i am looking for a place to stay with a 
i want it to be a 
can you book it for 5 night for 7 starting on 
can you book it for 5 night for 
can you book it for 
i would also like to find some 
okay, how about 
can you find me something in the 
sound great! can i book a table for 7 at 17:00 on 
sound great! can i book a table for 
sound great! can i book a table for 7 at 
yeah, it's called 
okay, thank you. is there somewhere near there to stay in the 
okay, thank you. is there somewhere near there to stay in the moderate price rage, with 
have you checked in the 
just for 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i need to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i need to find an 
i need to take a train from 
i need to take a train from norwich, leaving after 
i would like to go to 
i don't need anything booked. i just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from 
i don't need anything booked. i just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to 
i don't need anything booked. i just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to cambridge leaving after 
great, thanks! i'm also looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
great, thanks! i'm also looking for a 
i would like to keep it in the 
please book the hotel for 
the same day... 
i need a train on wednesday, arriving close to 
i need a train on 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from cambridge and arriving in 
i have no preference for departure time as long as i arrive by 
yes i am looking for a guesthouse on the 
yes i am looking for a 
can you find me a place to stay that is 
any area would be fine. but do any of the guesthouses have a 
any area would be fine. but do any of the 
the area doesn't matter, i just need to make sure i have a place to stay for 4 nights starting 
the area doesn't matter, i just need to make sure i have a place to stay for 
how about just 
i am looking for information about the 
yes can i book it for 6 people starting on 
yes can i book it for 
yes can i book it for 6 people starting on saturday for 
sure. let's try 
great! i also need a train from 
great! i also need a train from bishops stortford to 
the train should arrive by 
i need 
i'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the 
i'm looking for a hotel with a 
that will be fine. i have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,
that will be fine. i have a party of 2 adults and 
i'll be arriving on a 
i'll be arriving on a saturday and staying for 
i'll be arriving on a saturday and staying for 
yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
yeah, can you help me find a 
the golden wok sounds good. can i get reservations at 
the 
it will just be one in the party. but i want to make sure i am out of the restaurant by 
it will just be one in the party. but i want to make sure i am out of the restaurant by 
i also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at 
i need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 
i am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 
i am looking for a train that goes to 
yes, i need to leave norwich on 
yes, i need to leave 
i am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and i need to book 
i am going to cambridge on 
i am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from 
i am going to 
i just need to arrive by 
i just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 
i also need help looking up a restaurant called 
could you book a table for me there please? 5 people on 
could you book a table for me there please? 
could you book a table for me there please? 5 people on friday at 
are there any chinese restaurants in the 
are there any 
are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the 
are there any restaurants serving 
no, how about 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
can you tell me if 
i also need a taxi that will pick me up by by 
i'm looking to get some info on a hotel called 
yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting 
yes please book it for one person for 
may i please have information about a train to stevenage, leaving on 
may i please have information about a train to 
any that leave after 08:00 would be fine. i'll need a booking for 
any that leave after 
i would also like a 
free wifi and 
sounds great. i'd like to make a reservation for 
yes for 
yes for 5 people and 
i'm here to visit some 
i also need a place to eat called 
can you help me find somewhere in town to go to for 
preferably the town 
no, that's ok. how about colleges? can you recommend a good one in the 
no, that's ok. how about 
yes, please. i;m also looking for an 
if there is a restaurant which serves 
can you help me find a restaurant in cambridge called 
can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on 
can you go ahead and make a reservation for 
can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on wednesday, around 
i would like it to be in the 
the attraction should be in the 
the attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of 
a hotel on the 
i am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by 
i am departing from 
this will be on a 
this will be on a friday and i'm going to 
i would like to arrive by 
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay the night. i'd like a 
yes - are there any restaurants serving 
yes, please book for 6 people at 1330 on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 6 people at 
what about the other restaurant that serves 
yes, i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on 
yes, i would like to book a table for 
yes, i would like to book a table for 6 people at 
could you try it for 
if neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try 
can you find me a restaurant in the 
can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for 
can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for wednesday at 
i'd like some help finding a park on the 
i'd like some help finding a 
thanks! is there also a restaurant called 
yes, that would be great. i'll need a table on 
yes, that would be great. i'll need a table on thursday, 
yes, that would be great. i'll need a table on thursday, 6 people, at 
i am looking for information on the 
on second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on 
on second thought, could you book me a table for 
on second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 
sure, please try for 11:30 
sure, please try for 11:30 sunday. still 
sure, please try for 
i'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 
i'm looking for a train that will depart from 
i'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. i'm looking forward to a good lunch in 
i would need seats for 
thank you. can you also help me find a good 
thank you. can you also help me find a good italian eatery? i'd like it to be 
same day 
same day tuesday, lets try for 16:4
same day tuesday, lets try for 
i'm looking for a place to stay, in the 
i'd prefer a 
yes, please. can you book a room for 
yes, please. can you book a room for thursday for 
yes, please. can you book a room for thursday for 5 people, 
perfect. i'm also looking for a moderately priced 
perfect. i'm also looking for a 
can you find a restaurant in the 
the 
there will be 5 of us for 
there will be 
i would like reservations at 13:1
i would like reservations at 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from 
i want to leave on 
departure time isn't important as long as i can get to cambridge by 
departure time isn't important as long as i can get to 
thanks, i also need an expensive 
thanks, i also need an 
which one has 
could you give me the phone number and address of 
i'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the 
i'm looking for a nice, 
can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on 
can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on wednesday for 
can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city 
i'm looking for a 
i like 
just book a table for 1 please on 
just book a table for 
just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 
hello, i am planning a visit to cambridge and would like to find out about 
actually, are you able to book me a table? i'd like it to be for 
actually, are you able to book me a table? i'd like it to be for saturday. the table should be for 
actually, are you able to book me a table? i'd like it to be for saturday. the table should be for 8 people, at 
i would like a train, arriving by 
i would like a train, arriving by 1500 and departing from 
can you confirm that the train booing is for 
help me find a place to eat expensive 
help me find a place to eat 
are there any russian restaurants in the 
are there any 
are there any expensive restaurants that serve 
are there any 
i need a booking starting on 
i need a booking starting on monday for 3 nights for 
i need a booking starting on monday for 
how about the 
thank you very much. i am also interested in a hotel named "
i want to go on 
i want to go on sunday. 
i want to go on sunday. 7 people and 
are there any trains leaving from stansted airport on 
are there any trains leaving from 
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by 
i am leaving for 
i would like to make a booking for tr2286 for 
thank you i also need a place to stay that is a 
i don't have a preference for area, i would just like it to have 4 stars and a 
i don't have a preference for area, i would just like it to have 
i am interested in the 
yes, i need a train leaving after 
leaving norwich going to cambridge on 
leaving 
leaving norwich going to 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the centre and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 
the 
i need to be in the 
i need to be in the centre. is there a 
great! i want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from 
great! i want to book it for 
great! i want to book it for 5 people and 
how about 
yes, i'm looking for the hotel 
please. i'll be checking in by myself on 
yes. what can you tell me about 
i'm looking for a high scale 
yes, i do. i would like it to be in the 
no but can i make a booking for 8 people at 18:30 on 
no but can i make a booking for 
no but can i make a booking for 8 people at 
yes, get me some more information on magdalene 
can i get a taxi from 
can i get a taxi from magdalene to 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes please, for 4 people at 17:45 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 4 people at 
thank you, i am also looking for a train, i need it to depart from cambridge on 
thank you, i am also looking for a train, i need it to depart from 
i'd like to leave after 09:30 on 
i'd like to leave after 09:30 on sunday and go to kings lynn from 
i'd like to leave after 09:30 on sunday and go to 
i'd like to leave after 
let's go with the 10:11 train. i'd like to book for 
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in 
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in northern cambridge that has 
i am looking for the alpha-milton guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting 
i am looking for the alpha-milton guest house and would like to book it for 
i am looking for the alpha-milton guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 
i am looking for the 
hello, any interesting 
what is the postcode of 
i am looking for a 
i need something with free parking and a 
pick any of them, please. book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting 
pick any of them, please. book it for 
pick any of them, please. book it for 6 people and 
i want a cheap restaurant in the 
i want a 
i am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the 
i am looking for a 
i would like to go to a 
can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the 
i want to leave the museum by 
hi, i'm trying to find a restaurant called 
i want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the 
it doesn't matter. i'd like 
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from 
what type of food does 
yes, please book a table for 5 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 5 on saturday at 
the oak bistro for 5 people on 
the oak bistro for 
the oak bistro for 5 people on sunday at 
no preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. i need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting 
no preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. i need it booked for 
is it available for 
thanks. i'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to make sure i get there by the 
thanks. i'll also need a taxi from 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i am interested in staying at the 
oh yes, sorry. i would like to check in on 
oh yes, sorry. i would like to check in on wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 
oh yes, sorry. i would like to check in on wednesday for 
great and i'd like to find some 
oh, i don't mind where it is, but i'm thinking i'd like to visit something with 
well, the phone numbers and addresses of these 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
not really. i've heard saffron brasserie is good, though. could you book a table for 6 there at 19:45 on 
not really. i've heard saffron brasserie is good, though. could you book a table for 
not really. i've heard saffron brasserie is good, though. could you book a table for 6 there at 
not really. i've heard 
i would also like to find something fun to do in the 
i need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by 
i'd like a train leaving on monday and arriving by 
i'd like a train leaving on 
london kings cross to 
that works,will yhou book it for 
i am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's 
i am also looking for a 
are they both 
yes book the ashley hotel for the same group of people for 
yes book the 
yes book the ashley hotel for the same group of people for 
on 
on 
can you find me a 
i would like it to be in the 
the area doesn't matter. i need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
the area doesn't matter. i need one that can accommodate 
the area doesn't matter. i need one that can accommodate 6 people for 
i want to stay at a 
i want to stay at a 4 star 
i need a place in the 
okay that sounds good. let's book it for just me, and i am planning to stay 4 nights beginning 
okay that sounds good. let's book it for just me, and i am planning to stay 
okay that sounds good. let's book it for just me, and i am planning to stay 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
i need directions to 
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on 
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on tuesday. there are 
no thanks. but i do need to book 
yes, i am also looking for a train out of cambridge for 
yes, i am also looking for a train out of 
i want to travel to 
i would like to leave after 
i'm just looking for a 
i want to stay in the 
i want to stay in the north. are there any 
i want to stay in the north. are there any 2-star 
is that a 
not at the moment, but you can help me with one more thing? i'd like info on a particular attraction called 
looking for 
yes i would like a room for 4 nights starting from 
yes i would like a room for 
i would like to visit a college in the 
i would like to visit a 
i also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by 
i want to take a train from 
i want to take a train from cambridge to 
it will be on 
i want one that leaves after 
can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the 
can you help me find and insanely 
actually, sorry i got ahead of myself. i still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on 
actually, sorry i got ahead of myself. i still want help booking a train that goes to 
actually, sorry i got ahead of myself. i still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 
no, i need to leave 
yeah, so that restaurant. i want something that serves 
yes please try 
i want somewhere that serves 
how abou 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay tonight. the hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. ideally, i'd like one in the 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay tonight. the hotel should be like a 
i would like one with 
any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 
any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 
any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 
i am looking for a 
great! i also need a 
great! i also need a moderate priced 
the area doesn't matter, but i would like 
i would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 
hello. i need a place to stay in cambridge, in the 
hello. i need a place to stay in cambridge, in the centre that is 
i would like to check in on 
are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the 
are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 2 people for three nights starting on 
are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 
are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 
thanks! i'd also like a 
thanks! i'd also like a vietnamese restaurant. a 
i need a cinema to go to in the 
i need a 
do any of the nine restaurants serve 
we eat pizza hut way to much. can you try something with 
we eat pizza hut way to much. can you try something with indian food? it is a special occasion so it can be 
if you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the 
if you can, please help me find a relatively 
if you can, please help me find a relatively expensive 
yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on 
yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on sunday. we will have 
yay, yes please book me a room for 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
anything you recommend will work. i need to book it for 8 people, 
anything you recommend will work. i need to book it for 
anything you recommend will work. i need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 1
i'd like some good asian oriental food. near the 
i'd like some good 
actually, do you have anything that is 
yes can you book it for 
yes can you book it for tuesday at 12:00 for 
yes can you book it for tuesday at 
i am looking for a restaurant in 
i am looking for a restaurant in west cambridge, in the 
yes, i am interested in the one that serves 
there will be 4 people and i would like to reserve it for 
there will be 
there will be 4 people and i would like to reserve it for wednesday at 
how about 
great. can you also tell me about 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
the type of food is not important, but i would like a nice place that has tables available on 
great i would like to make a booking for 21 person on a 
great i would like to make a booking for 21 person on a saturday for 
i also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on 
i also need a train departing from 
i would like to arrive by 
i need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 
i need it to go to 
yes can you book that for 
i would like for the hotel to have a 
yes, please book a room for 
yes, please book a room for 3 people and 
please start the reservation on monday. what is the reference number? i also need a restaurant that serves 
please start the reservation on monday. what is the reference number? i also need a restaurant that serves australasian food at a 
could you see if there is a restaurant that serves 
three people please, on 
three people please, on monday at 18:
three people please, on monday at 
the area is flexible. but, i would like something 
the area is flexible. but, i would like something moderately priced and have a star rating of 
i would like it in the 
friday, for 
friday, for 1 person and will stay for 
perfect. i'll need help finding a restaurant called the 
this 
this saturday, i need to take a train from 
this saturday, i need to take a train from ely to 
i want to arrive by 
please. i'll need 
yes, i need a place to dine, preferably in the 
yes, i need a place to dine, preferably in the centre and i would like it to have modern 
the price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. as long as they have a table for 8 at 15:30 on 
the price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. as long as they have a table for 
the price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. as long as they have a table for 8 at 
would 
hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on 
hmm could you try again maybe? 
hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 
what theaters are in the cambridge 
ok, can i get the address and entrance fee for the 
ok, can i get the address and entrance fee for the mumford 
yes please. i would like that very much and i also would like information on the 
i am looking for a place to stay and i want it to be a 
are any of those 
please recommend one that is in the 
yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes book it for 5 people and 
yes book it for 
yes book it for 5 people and 
i would prefer 
yes, please. again, there are 5 of us on 
yes, please. again, there are 
yes, please. again, there are 5 of us on sunday. book us for 
i want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my 
hello, can you recommend attractions in the 
thanks. i also need an 
i'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the 
can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 
i am looking for a particular attraction. its name is called 
thanks. i am also looking for a 
the 
sorry, i am changing my mind. please book cityroomz for 4 nights starting on 
sorry, i am changing my mind. please book cityroomz for 4 nights starting on saturday, for 
sorry, i am changing my mind. please book cityroomz for 
sorry, i am changing my mind. please book 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a place to stay. i prefer a 4 star hotel in the 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a place to stay. i prefer a 
i would prefer a 
ok, thank you. i can't book just yet. are there any colleges in the 
ok, thank you. i can't book just yet. are there any 
hmm. is there a similar 
i'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 
actually i think there has been some confusion. i'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the 
actually i think there has been some confusion. i'm looking for a 
actually i think there has been some confusion. i'm looking for a 4 star 
i am looking for places to go in the 
nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the 
looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
yes for 3 people for 5 nights from 
yes for 
yes for 3 people for 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a moderately priced, 
not really, how about 
could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
could you help me find an 
i want to try seafood. can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on 
i want to try seafood. can you book for 
i want to try seafood. can you book for 4 people at 
i want to try 
yes,and book it for 4 people on 
yes,and book it for 
yes,and book it for 4 people on thursday at 
i am looking for a place to dine in the 
it doesn't matter. we want to eat 
could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on 
could you also book it for me? 
could you also book it for me? 3 people, 
sorry, i do need to find a guesthouse as well. something 
sorry, i do need to find a guesthouse as well. something moderately priced, perhaps 
sorry, i do need to find a 
i do need the taxi to get to curry garden by the booked time of 
i do need the taxi to get to 
looking for places to go in town and be in the 
the attraction should be in the 
then find me a particular hotel called 
i need it for 
i need it for thursday night, for four nights, for 
i need it for thursday night, for four nights, for 
thank you. i'd also like to book a taxi. i need to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on 
yes, save me a table for one at 
yes, save me a table for one at 
yes, i am also looking for a museum in the 
yes, i am also looking for a 
yes, i'd like to stay in the 
yes, i'd like to stay in the east part of town. i prefer something 
i need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting 
i need it booked for 
i need it booked for 3 people for 
that technology 
i'd like a train leaving from norwich and arriving by 
i'd like a train leaving from 
i'll be going to cambridge on 
i'll be going to 
the train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 
the train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 
the train should depart from 
that should work, can i please get a reference number? also, i am looking for a place to stay in the 
that should work, can i please get a reference number? also, i am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 
just any moderate guest house with 
just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend. i need it for 
just any 
just any moderate guest house with 
are there any restaurants in town that serve 
what about any expensive restaurants with traditional american food in the 
what about any expensive restaurants with 
what about any 
sure how about 
the restaurant sounds good. please book a table for 
the restaurant sounds good. please book a table for sunday at 17:00 for 
the restaurant sounds good. please book a table for sunday at 
hi. i'm trying to find a good restaurant in the 
yes, i'd like a restaurant that serves 
i would like it to be 
i actually really want some turkish food. can you find a place in the 
i actually really want some 
i actually really want some turkish food. can you find a place in the centre that is 
please check again for a cheap turkish restaurant in the 
please check again for a cheap 
please check again for a 
hm is there a cheap 
hm is there a 
do you have any cheap restaurants in the 
do you have any 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
how about a restaurant in the 
how about a restaurant in the centre that serves 
yes please. i would like a table for 7 on 
yes please. i would like a table for 
yes please. i would like a table for 7 on tuesday. try for 
how about 
looking for 
hello, i need to book a ticket on a train from broxbourne on 
hello, i need to book a ticket on a train from 
i would need to leave after 
great can i also find a place to dine in the 
great can i also find a place to dine in the centre of town with 
can you check for one with 
yes i would like to book the copper kettle for 2 people on 
yes i would like to book the copper kettle for 
yes i would like to book the copper kettle for 2 people on friday for 
yes i would like to book the 
i am looking for a park in the 
i am looking for a 
how about museums in the 
how about 
yes, i'm looking for a 
i want it to be rated 
no that does not matter to me, i just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on 
no that does not matter to me, i just need it for 
no that does not matter to me, i just need it for 2 people for 
i want a taxi to pick me up at 
i want to find a train that leaves from norwich on 
i want to find a train that leaves from 
yes, the train needs to arrive in cambridge by 
yes, the train needs to arrive in 
i need 
yes, actually. i'm looking for information on the 
i'd like to book a table for the same number of people (
i'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at 
can you try 1
can you try 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
european food that is 
i'm looking for a train leaving on 
i'm looking for a train leaving on saturday from 
i need to leave after 
i am wanting to go to 
yes book for 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
no preference. can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 17:45 on 
no preference. can you recommend one & book a table for 
no preference. can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 
that would be fine. is it available 
that would be fine. is it available saturday at 17:
that would be fine. is it available saturday at 
i need a restaurant in the 
i need a restaurant in the west at a 
the cuisine doesn't really matter, but i guess i should try some 
can you book it for 7 people this 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 7 people this monday at 
can you try 
i'm sorry. i need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was 
i'm sorry. i need the postcode for 
before we worry about the taxi, i guess it would help to find which attraction. sorry to confuse you. what attractions do you have in the 
i'm going to be in 
how about a 
i would like a 
i would like a moderate priced 
any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on 
any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on saturday for 
any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. pick your favorite and book 
any area of town is fine for the 
actually, yes. can you book a taxi leaving 
actually, yes. can you book a taxi leaving corpus christi college by 
i really have a craving for some good 
i just need one that is 
could you recommend me some places to go that is in the 
oh anything would do really, just needs to be in the 
hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves 
that's alright. how about 
i need it to be in the 
i also need a train from 
i also need a train from cambridge to 
i need to leave monday and arrive by 
i need to leave 
i really need to find a restaurant that serves 
while i have you, could you please give me some information about the 
yeah, actually, i need rooms for 6 people starting on 
yeah, actually, i need rooms for 
yeah, actually, i need rooms for 6 people starting on thursday. i need it for 
i'm looking for place called 
i'm also looking for info on a restaurant called 
could you tell me what area 
i would like to leave by 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
can you tell me the postcode for 
i was hoping for a 
do you have any that serve 
what about 
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on 
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for 
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for 4 people at 
i need to leave from the vue cinema to get to charlie chan by 
i need to leave from the 
i need to leave from the vue cinema to get to 
can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the 
hey there. i think i need a vacation asap. you think you can help me find a 
i would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the 
i would like to stay in a 
how about a 
i have no preference but i need it for 3 nights starting on 
i have no preference but i need it for 
i have no preference but i need it for 
how about 
it should arrive by 
i want to depart from 
please book the 6:
i'm looking for a fun 
thank you. i am also hoping to stay at a guesthouse in the 
thank you. i am also hoping to stay at a 
could you check one that's in the 
i'm glad that it's a nice place, but is it 
that is just fine. please book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from 
that is just fine. please book it for 
that is just fine. please book it for 8 people and 
i need to take a train to bishops stortford on 
i need to take a train to 
my schedule is somewhat flexible but i need to arrive by 
yes i would like a booking for 
thank you. i also need information on the 
the hotel will also be for 5 people starting 
the hotel will also be for 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i need a place in the 
no, actually i do need to book the 
can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on 
can we go ahead and book that for 
can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 
thanks, do you know of any 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, 
i don't really have a preference for area. but i would like it to be a 
how about the 
how about the ashley 
i am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on 
hello, i am looking for a 
i will be traveling on wednesday and need to arrive in ely by 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on wednesday and need to arrive in 
i will be departing from cambridge and i'll need 
i will be departing from 
yes, please book that. also, i am looking for a hotel named the 
howdy! is the city 
howdy! is the 
i was hoping to book the 
it will be 
it will be 5 people and 
i am coming to town and need a hotel in the 
i am coming to town and need a 
what about a guesthouse that's a 
what about a 
yes, please. there will be 7 of us arriving on 
yes, please. there will be 
yes, please. there will be 7 of us arriving on tuesday, and we're staying for 
i also need a place to go in town, i'm thinking a 
are there any colleges in the 
are there any 
if there ain't none, can you try a 
which 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the 
i would love some 
awesome! can i make a reservation for 
we'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 16:15 on 
we'll be a party of 
we'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 
yes i'm also looking for places to go in town. prefer that the attraction be a type of 
i'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to darrys, i'd like to get to the restaurant by 
i'll be travelling to cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay. i'd love to stay in a 
i would really like something in the 
how about some options for 
how about some options for 2 star 
i really need a hotel room in the 
i really need a hotel room in the north with a 
i really need a 
well, maybe you can help me find an attraction called the 
indian in the 
yes could you please give me information on the attraction called 
yes can you help me find a place to stay? i need a hotel that includes free wifi and has a star of 
no, is there one with free parking and 
yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on 
yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on thursday for 
yes, go ahead and book it for 
can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the 
i would like one with 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this friday, for 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes please, on 
yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 
yes please, on thursday at 
thanks, i'm also looking for places to go in the 
let's go with an 
i also need a taxi between 
i also need a taxi between whale of a time and 
i need to take a train from 
i need to take a train from cambridge to the 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on tuesday after 
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 
i would take the 
the hotel please. i need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting 
the hotel please. i need to book it for 
the hotel please. i need to book it for 3 people 
the hotel please. i need to book it for 
the 
i'm looking for information on a placed called 
i'm looking for information on a placed called river
i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves 
i guess 
yes, please. i need a taxi to take me from 
yes, please. i need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the 
yes, please. i need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the riverboat georgina and i would need to leave the restaurant by 
when does the 
when does the river
i also need to find a restaurant in the 
i also need to find a restaurant in the north serving 
i'm sorry, you already located an 
great! now i just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. i want to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a asian restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm sorry could you check again but in the 
do either have a table available at 17:00 on 
do either have a table available at 17:00 on friday for 
do either have a table available at 
i'm traveling to cambridge and i'm excited about tourist attractions. can you find me some boating attractions in the 
i'm traveling to cambridge and i'm excited about tourist attractions. can you find me some 
i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a guesthouse in the 
i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a 
does the 
yes please. i need a guesthouse in the 
yes please. i need a 
i am looking for a train that'll leave on 
i'm going to stevenage from cambridge. i need to arrive by 
i'm going to 
i'm going to stevenage from 
yes can you make me a booking for 
will you also check the hotel called 
great i also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
great i also need the lovell lodge for 
great i also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 
great i also need the 
i need a train on 
i am going from 
i am going from cambridge to 
i want to leave some time after 
yes. please book for 7 people. please confirm with reference number. we are also looking for a place to eat in the 
yes. please book for 7 people. please confirm with reference number. we are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves 
we are also looking for a place to eat in the 
we are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves 
bummer. i could try chinese. is there anything in the 
bummer. i could try 
are there any chinese restaurants in the 
are there any 
i prefer an 
yes, please book for 7 people on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 
hello, i'm looking for a 
no but i would like free parking and a star of 
a 
yes, please! for 3 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, please! for 
yes, please! for 3 people for 
yes, please! for 3 people for 
great i also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the 
i need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at 
i'd like to find a 
yes, 
i would like to visit a nice 
hello i'm looking for the 
great i am also looking for a hotel with a 
the area doesn't really matter, but i would like something 
can you find me a 
yes i would like to stay on the 
the allenbell is fine. could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on 
the allenbell is fine. could you book a stay for 
the allenbell is fine. could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on tuesday, for 
the 
the allenbell is fine. could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on tuesday, for 
i will als require a taxi. i need to leave the hotel by 
i need to get from the 
i need to get from the allenbell hotel to the 
i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like to find a 
how about 
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 
i need to reserve it on 
i need to reserve it on monday at 14:00. there will be 
i need to reserve it on monday at 
thank you so much. could you also get me the address for the 
yes, i am looking for 
yes, can i get a table for 4 on 
yes, can i get a table for 
yes, can i get a table for 4 on saturday at 
i need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. should also be in the 
yes, i want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting 
yes, i want to book for 
yes, i want to book for 7 people, 
yes. i'd like a restaurant in the 
yes. i'd like a restaurant in the west that serves 
i don't have a preference. just close your eyes and pick one. i need to reserve a table for 7 on 
i don't have a preference. just close your eyes and pick one. i need to reserve a table for 
i don't have a preference. just close your eyes and pick one. i need to reserve a table for 7 on wednesday at 
where is 
i am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the 
i am actually looking for a train on 
i am actually looking for a train on sunday from 
going to 
i would like to arrive by 
i am also looking for a 
i want a place to dine that is in the 
i would like to narrow it down by price and i want 
help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 
thank you. i would also love some help finding a moderately priced 
thank you. i would also love some help finding a 
the 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i'm looking for a 
is there one in the 
can you select one of the restaurants with the 
book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 4 people at 
i am also looking for a 
is it a 
is it a 4-star 
great, i need a room for 4 and 3 nights starting from 
great, i need a room for 
i would like it to be in the 
i'd like to find a place to stay in the 
something 
something expensive. i prefer a 
how about one in the 
i need to leave from 
i need to leave from stansted airport after 
on thursday i need to book it for 
on 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a 
i would like a guesthouse with free parking and a 
i would like a 
yes, i also need information about trains departing from 
the train should leave on 
the train should leave on friday and go to 
i just need to arrive by 
i need a train on 
i need a train on monday leaving 
birgmingham new street from 
anytime after 
i need 
thank you so much, can you please also find me an italian restaurant in the 
thank you so much, can you please also find me an 
thank you so much, can you please also find me an italian restaurant in the centre of town that's on the 
yes, on 
yes, on monday for 
yes, on monday for 2 people at 
yes, i just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. the hotel should be located in the 
yes, i just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. the 
please do. i need it for 4 nights on 
please do. i need it for 4 nights on friday. there are 
please do. i need it for 
yes, as long as 
yes, as long as finches is in the 
i'd like a resturant in the 
i'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves 
maybe take another look? i need an expensive canapes restaurant in the 
maybe take another look? i need an expensive 
maybe take another look? i need an 
that's okay. let's try 
i am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
okay then, how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the 
okay then, how about a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i'd like to book for 1 person at 1145 on 
i'd like to book for 
i'd like to book for 1 person at 
what about we try booking for 
am looking for a place to to stay that has 
am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of 
no, i just need to make sure it's 
yes, please. 6 people 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 6 people 
how about only 
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. it should have 
i am looking for a 
i would like to book it for 7 people for two nights, starting 
i would like to book it for 
can you also provide the address an attraction in the town 
will you recommend a college in the 
will you recommend a 
i want to find a restaurant serves 
how about 
what is the address of 
i'm sorry, i don't understand what you mean. i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm sorry, i don't understand what you mean. i'm looking for an 
is that 
is this located in the 
ok, i don't need a table right now, but i do need the address and postcode of the 
the 
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places, i want to leave 
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places, i want to leave curry garden at 12:00 and go to 
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places, i want to leave curry garden at 
yes i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves modern european food in the 
yes i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
yes i am looking for an 
no. hmm. what about a 
i would also like the address and postcode for 
i am looking for museums in 
i am looking for 
let me get more information about 
i also need to know about 
yes please. 1 people for 4 nights starting from 
yes please. 
yes please. 1 people for 
hi can you help me find a restauant in the 
i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the 
i'm going to cambridge from london liverpool street. i need to leave on 
i'm going to cambridge from 
i'm going to 
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for tuesday and i need to get there by 
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for 
i need a train from 
i need a train from london liverpool street to 
i want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 
that's okay. can you tell me about a hotel though? it's the 
i want to get a place to eat in the 
i would like one in the 
no. just get me the 
no. just get me the 
thank you. i also need a train that will leave cambridge on saturday. i want it to arrive at 
thank you. i also need a train that will leave cambridge on 
thank you. i also need a train that will leave 
thank you. i also need a train that will leave cambridge on saturday. i want it to arrive at 12:30 to 
yes, please! i will need a booking for 
hi i am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does 
hi i am looking to find a 
is that 3 star with a 
is that 
please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting 
please do, for 
please do, for 1 person, for 
thanks. can you help me find a place to eat also? i'd like some 
yes please for one person at 17:45 on 
yes please for one person at 
yes please for one person at 
i would like to arrive by 
i would like to arrive by 17:45 to the 4 kings parade. pick us up at the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the 
i need to get out of cambridge quick! can you find me a train for tomorrow, 
i need to get out of 
i would like to arrive to cambridge from 
i would like to arrive to 
i would like to arrive to cambridge from broxbourne and would like to leave after 
yes. i actually need 
can you find me a place to stay in the 
well, i do need a place to stay. how about one with free wifi in the 
no, i really would like a hotel in the 
no, i really would like a 
if there are no hotels with free parking in the 
if there are no 
i would like to check in on 
can you help me find a train going to the 
can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after 
i will be departing on 
i will be departing on thursday from 
no. not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves belgian food in the 
no. not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves 
how about 
i want a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the 
can you look up 
what about 
yes, please. can you make a reservation on 
yes, please. can you make a reservation on tuesday at 12:15? table for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation on tuesday at 
if 
if tuesday at 
thanks. i also need train information for wednesday with an arrival by 
thanks. i also need train information for 
it should depart from 
it should depart from cambridge, destination is 
hi, can you recommend me a good 
hmm, i don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. maybe something 
yes, that sounds good. please book for 4 people on 
yes, that sounds good. please book for 
yes, that sounds good. please book for 4 people on sunday at 
how about a different restaurant in the same area that is 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant in the 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves 
oh, well how about european food then? also in the 
oh, well how about 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a 4 star 
that doesn't matter as long as i'm in the 
can you check for a 
i really don't have a price range in mind. i'm still not sure i want to stay in a 
ok, i guess we can book that one then. there will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting 
ok, i guess we can book that one then. there will be 
ok, i guess we can book that one then. there will be 3 of us staying 
ok, i guess we can book that one then. there will be 3 of us staying 
i'm trying to find the 
yes please. there will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving 
yes please. there will be 
yes please. there will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving thursday. we want to stay 
i need a italian restaurant in the 
i need a 
i would prefer an 
okay why not. i need a table for 1 at 13:30 on 
okay why not. i need a table for 
okay why not. i need a table for 1 at 
i need a train to 
friday please. from 
friday please. from cambridge leaving after 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves 
is there one in the 
hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving gastropub food in the 
hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving 
hmmm....how about an 
i am looking for a 
that sounds great. i'll need a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from 
that sounds great. i'll need a room for 
that sounds great. i'll need a room for 6 people and 
yes, please, a train from 
yes, please, a train from london liverpool street to 
i want to leave after 
is there a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the 
is there a restaurant that serves 
what is the address of 
i am also looking for some 
what sort of 
yes, can you check for 
i want to leave the restaurant and i want to leave by 
are there any entertainment attractions in the 
are there any 
can i have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of 
i can call for that. but thanks anyway. i am also looking for a 
i would like a 
could you book me a table on thirsday. 
could you book me a table on thirsday. 2 people at 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the 
i'm looking for a 
are there any four star 
could i have one in the 
please do,lets make it for this coming 
two people, two nights, starting 
actually, how about a guesthouse type place in the 
actually, how about a 
another 
hi, i am looking for a place to eat in the 
it should serve 
it should serve portuguese food in the 
yes, i need a table for two on 
book it for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the 
is that a guesthouse? i like the guesthouse style, and i also need something that's 
is that a 
i'm looking for a train that runs on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at 
i want to leave after 
that sounds great. will you make a booking for 
actually i only need it for 
yes, could you help me find a 
yes, could you help me find a north american restaurant that is 
yes, book it for 5 people on 
yes, book it for 
yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at 
i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the 
i am looking for an 
i want to book a table for 3 people at 14:00 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 3 people at 
thank you so much. i would also like to find a train to take me to kings lynn by 
thank you so much. i would also like to find a train to take me to 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 10:15 please on 
i am looking for a moderate priced 
i am looking for a 
i need one in the 
yes please. i will need it at 20:00 on 
yes please. i will need it at 20:00 on saturday for 
yes please. i will need it at 
hi there. i'd like to find a place to stay. it doesn't need to have any stars, but i'm willing to pay a 
great thank you i also will need some info on a restaurant called the 
yes, i would like to book a table for 2 people at 15:30 on 
yes, i would like to book a table for 
yes, i would like to book a table for 2 people at 
i am looking for a 
i am also looking for a four star hotel in the 
i am also looking for a four star 
are there any four star guesthouses in the 
how about just any guesthouse in the 
how about just any 
i don't need to book a room. i just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the 
can i also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 
hey there, i need a train from 
hey there, i need a train from stevenage that leaves after 
we are going to cambridge and would like to leave on 
we are going to 
we are going to cambridge and would like to leave on monday after 
maybe later. i am also looking for an 
i'm looking for 
i also need a place to stay. i would like a hotel with 
can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting 
can you book that for 
can you book that for 1 person, 
i will need to leave the gallery by 
i am looking for a particular attraction. its name is called 
i am looking for a particular attraction. its name is called soul tree 
yeah, i need a place to stay on the 
yeah, i need a place to stay on the south side. 
i would like a 
i would like a cheap 
how about in the 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel, a 
i would prefer a hotel that is in the 
are there any nearby 
hello, i'd like some information about a place to go in the 
i'm looking for an attraction located in the 
actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the 
actually 
oh, wait. i think maybe a 
actually, right now, i just need to have the address. also, i need to find a restaurant. expensive with 
actually, right now, i just need to have the address. also, i need to find a restaurant. 
how about an expensive 
how about an 
six people at 17:45 on 
six people at 
i also need to get a taxi from the 
can you find me a guesthouse with a 
can you find me a 
not really, but i do need free parking in 
what about the one with a 
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 1 people and 
i also would like to find a chinese restaurant in the 
i also would like to find a 
let's go with the cheap place. it will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 
let's go with the cheap place. it will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 
let's go with the 
yes, i need a train to kings cross on 
yes, please. i will departing from 
i need to leave by 
i apologize. i meant to say that i need to leave sometime after 
no, there is not. any will be fine. i'll need tickets for 
okay, great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
how about something 
yes for 5 nights from thursday for 
yes for 
i'm looking for a 
i would like the 
i need to catch a train to london kings cross. i need to get there by 
i need to catch a train to 
okay, i will be leaving from 
oh, i'm sorry, i meant i'm leaving from cambridge to london kings cross on 
oh, i'm sorry, i meant i'm leaving from 
oh, i'm sorry, i meant i'm leaving from cambridge to 
that will be perfect! could you book me 
i'd like to find information for the restaurant called 
a moderately priced restaurant in the 
a 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
yes, i would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and 
is there anything in the 
is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for 
i need 3 nights for 4 people starting 
i need 3 nights for 
i need 
i need 3 nights for 
im looking for a 
in the 
i don't care about the price range, i just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the 
i don't care about the price range, i just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a 
i am also looking for the restaurant called 
i need a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a 
before i book, i'd like to make sure that it is a 
anything works. is there a 
anything works. is there a 4 star 
yes. i need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting 
yes. i need 
yes. i need 6 rooms for 
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
yes. can you get us a table at 14:00 on 
yes. can you get us a table at 
it will be for the same amount, 
no, i need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by 
i need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by 
i need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by 13:45 on 
i need to find a train that will arrive 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from cambridge and want to go to 
thank you. are there any expensive restaurants in the town 
thank you. are there any 
i'm looking to visit a 
yes i want to find an expensive 
yes i want to find an 
could you book that place for 7 people on 
could you book that place for 
could you book that place for 7 people on sunday at 
is there such a train that leaves to cambridge, might i include on a 
is there such a train that leaves to 
yes. i want to leave from 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on tuesday after 
thank you, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should a hotel of 0 stars and in the 
thank you, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should a hotel of 
thank you, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should a 
not interested win a guesthouse. do you have a hotel with free parking and a 
not interested win a guesthouse. do you have a 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
no, but i am looking for a 
no, but i am looking for a 4 star 
i really am interested in a 
i really am interested in a 4 star 
great, i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
great, i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the 
i would really enjoy some 
let's go with the bloomsbury. i need a reservation for 
let's go with the bloomsbury. i need a reservation for tuesday for 
let's go with the 
thanks. can you book for 
i'm looking for a 
i want to be in the 
i want to be in the north. preferably in a 
i do not care about the star. i do need it to be open for 5 nights from 
i do not care about the star. i do need it to be open for 
thanks for the recommendation. 
i'm coming to town from 
i need arrive at cambridge by 
i need arrive at 
i need to make a booking for 
a cheap one in the 
a 
the chinese restaurant will be find. i'd like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on 
the chinese restaurant will be find. i'd like to book a table for 
the chinese restaurant will be find. i'd like to book a table for 8 people at 
the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves cheap 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like it to be in the 
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on 
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 4 people at 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on thursday after 2
i will be going to 
i just want to leave after 
i also would like to book a table for 
i also would like to book a table for 3 at prezzo for 
i also would like to book a table for 3 at 
how are you doing today? i need to find a hotel on the 
no, but it should be a 
is that my only option? i need a guesthouse in the 
is that my only option? i need a 
thanks. are there any restaurants in that area that serve 
yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves 
could i make a reservation for 6 people on 
could i make a reservation for 
could i make a reservation for 6 people on tuesday at 
could i make a reservation for 6 people on tuesday at 13:15 at 
please help me find somewhere to eat in the 
i am looking for a train. the train should go to broxbourne and should leave on 
i am looking for a train. the train should go to 
i'd like to leave from cambridge to arrive at broxbourne by 
i'd like to leave from 
i'd like to leave from cambridge to arrive at 
great. i also need a moderate hotel in the 
great. i also need a 
great. i also need a moderate 
can you suggest something with free wifi and a 
i would like something in the 
i think i'd prefer a hotel. i need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting 
i think i'd prefer a hotel. i need it for 
i think i'd prefer a hotel. i need it for 3 people, 
i think i'd prefer a hotel. i need it for 
i think i'd prefer a 
there are no moderate 
there are no 
there are no moderate 
there are no moderate 3 star 
i need a moderate priced room in the 
i need a 
i would like something in the 
yes, eight people starting 
can you help me find information on a hotel called 
i need a room there for 8 on 
i need a room there for 
i also need a train from 
i also need a train from stansted airport and go to 
18:15 is the departure. 
that will work. please book 
i need some places to go. can you tell me about some concert halls in the 
i am also interested in your local museums. are there any in the 
i am also interested in your local 
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 4 star 
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 
not really, but i prefer 
hello. can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the 
i was wondering if there is a 
yes, i'm looking for a 
that sounds interesting. what is the entrance fee for the 
i'm also looking for a train to 
are there any indonesian restaurants in the 
are there any 
no. i would like an 
i'm not a fan of mediterranean, is there a 
let's try expensive italian food. i need a table for 6 on 
let's try expensive italian food. i need a table for 
let's try expensive italian food. i need a table for 6 on wednesday at 
let's try expensive 
let's try 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after 12:30 on 
i'm looking for a train that goes to 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after 
i am leaving from 
what will be my arrival time in 
oh i'm not picky on the area. i definitely need free wifi, 
oh i'm not picky on the area. i definitely need free wifi, moderate price, and 
that's perfect i need it booked for 8 people for 5 nights starting on 
that's perfect i need it booked for 
that's perfect i need it booked for 8 people for 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
i am looking for a 
it should have a 
how about a guesthouse with 
how about a 
yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on 
yes, please! 
yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on wednesday, and we'd like to stay 
i also want to eat at an expensive 
i also want to eat at an 
is there any 
is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the 
could you book for my party at 15:15 on 
could you book for my party at 
the reservation is for 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves 
how about 
malaysian food in the 
how about thai food in the 
how about 
hi, could you help me find a restaurant called 
are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on 
are you able to set up a reservation for 
are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the north and looking for something with 
book for 
book for 
book for 
i am also am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn. i need to arrive by 
i am also am looking for a train that goes to 
i'm departing from cambridge on 
i'm departing from 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an expensive 
are you sure there are no 
are you sure there are no expensive 
how about the 
is there a guesthouse that is close to the 
is there a 
could i have the 
i would rather stay at a 
actually, can you give me the postcode for the alysebray 
yes i am looking for someplace to tour in town in the 
yes i am looking for someplace to tour in town in the south involving 
okay, i'd like to find an entertainment place in the 
okay, i'd like to find an 
actually, can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number of 
i am looking for a restaurant 
yes. i would like to book a table for 6 at 18:00 on 
yes. i would like to book a table for 
yes. i would like to book a table for 6 at 
can you try for 
thanks. i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a moderate price range hotel with 
i'm looking for a moderate price range 
i need to be sure that these are 
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 2 nights from 
can you choose one for me and book it for 
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 
i would also like find an 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for friday for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for friday for 7 people at 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant name 
i would like to book a table for 8 people on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 8 people on sunday at 
i am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is 
great, thanks. can i also get some information on 
thank you. i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. it needs to leave the hotel by 
looking for a train in cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on 
looking for a train in cambridge,should depart from 
looking for a train in 
yes, thanks. i just need 
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
i prefer a 
is there any 4 star hotels in the 
is there any 
is there any 4 star 
it doesn't have to be a hotel. i just need something with a 
i suppose that works, i need to book it for 2 nights starting from 
i suppose that works, i need to book it for 2 nights starting from thursday, for 
i suppose that works, i need to book it for 
actually, can you look for a 
i'm looking for a restaurant serving 
well can i get the phone number to a 
please find me a hotel in cambridge with 
thanks for asking. 
yes 
that sounds great. i need a reservation for 
i'd like to book for 4 nights starting on 
i'd like to book for 
i'd like to book for 
i think everyone likes 
it should be on the 
let's do the one in the 
yes for 18:00 on 
yes for 1
yes for 
i am looking for a train leaving from birmingham new street and arriving by 
i am looking for a train leaving from 
i think that would be too late. i also need it on 
i think that would be good, can you get me 
i also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve 
i also need a restaurant in the 
could you make that on the 
yes, i need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. the name of the restaurant is 
yes, could you book a table for 6 on 
yes, could you book a table for 
yes, could you book a table for 6 on friday at 
i'm looking for a place to stay. please list all hotels in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay. please list all 
which one is 
none in the 
none in the north that are 
that sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from 
that sounds good can you book 
that sounds good can you book 8 people for 
actually yes, i need a train to cambridge. please get me one that arrives by 
actually yes, i need a train to 
departing from 
on 
that will be great. can you book me 
i'm looking for information on a hotel, the 
i would like to book it for 2 nights starting 
i would like to book it for 2 nights starting tuesday for 
i would like to book it for 
yeah, i need a train to get to cambridge by 
yeah, i need a train to get to 
i need to book a train for 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from peterborough going to 
ideally it should leave after 
ok, thanks for that information. i would also need assistance finding a hotel in the 
ok, thanks for that information. i would also need assistance finding a 
i would like to stay in an 
i would like to stay in an expensive 
is it 
the acorn guest house will do nicely. i would like to book 4 nights starting 
the acorn guest house will do nicely. i would like to book 
the acorn guest house will do nicely. i would like to book 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on 
could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 
could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 8 people at 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 3 star 
i would like a hotel in a 
i would like a 
if there aren't any, how about a 
a guesthouse with a 
a 
please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on 
please book it for 
please book it for 7 people for 
i am looking for the 
i am also looking to stay in a 
i am also looking to stay in a 4 star 
i don't care about the area but i would like to make sure it is a 
i want one that has a 
lets try cambridge belfy and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
lets try cambridge belfy and book it for 
lets try cambridge belfy and book it for 4 people and 
lets try 
lets try cambridge belfy and book it for 
i want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the 
can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at 16:30 on 
can you please make a reservation for me for 
can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at 
thank you. i also would like to visit somewhere in the 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a 
could you book a reservation for me? i would like a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on 
could you book a reservation for me? i would like a reservation for 
could you book a reservation for me? i would like a reservation for 6 people at 
thanks for that, i am also looking for a train that should arrive by 
thanks for that, i am also looking for a train that should arrive by 14:15 and should leave on 
i am traveling from 
i am traveling from cambridge to 
i need 
greetings! i need a 
i would prefer a 0 star rating in the 
i would prefer a 
yes, as long as it falls in the 
the reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting 
the reservation should be for 
the reservation should be for 8 people for 
can you help me find a train from 
i am travelling to london liverpool street on 
i am travelling to 
london liverpool street and should leave after 
thank you. i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like a guest house that's 
thank you. i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 
how about a 
are there any 
the area is not an issue. i do want it to be an actual 
i'm looking for a restaurant called the 
could you please book a table for 2 at 14:45 on 
could you please book a table for 
could you please book a table for 2 at 
i need a train from 
i am going to london kings cross on 
i am going to 
the train needs to arrive by 
yes as close to 
yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 
i am looking to book a train ticket. it needs to arrive by 
i am looking to book a train ticket. it needs to arrive by 11:00 and it has to leave on 
i want to go to london kings cross and would depart from 
i want to go to 
actually i also need a place to stay in the 
i am open to price, i would like it to have a 
well, can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like i'm looking for in the 
yes. book it for two people for five nights, starting 
ok, can you try 
ok, can you try 
what can you tell me about 
i do, actually. i'd also like to find a good place to dine in the 
i do, actually. i'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. do you know of any 
hmm, i was really looking forward to swiss food. ok, how about an indian restaurant in the 
hmm, i was really looking forward to swiss food. ok, how about an 
what are the two expensive 
could you please book a table at sitar tandoori for 4 people on 
could you please book a table at sitar tandoori for 
could you please book a table at 
i would like the booking to be for 
that's okay, maybe 
i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves 
i'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the 
i would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 
that'll be fine. i would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on 
that'll be fine. i would like to book 
that'll be fine. i would like to book 
sure, can you book it for 
i want to dine at a chinese food place in the 
i want to dine at a 
that sounds perfect. i would like to book a table for 
can you let me know if a place called the 
ok, thanks. also, are there any indian restaurants in the 
ok, thanks. also, are there any 
whatever you recommend. give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. i want to go on 
whatever you recommend. give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 
whatever you recommend. give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. i want to go on saturday at 
i want to book a hotel of moderate price in the 
i want to book a hotel of 
i need one in the 
i need one in the south, 
i don't need to book, i'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a 
sounds great, i need their postal can i also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at 
i also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
yes book for 7 people on 
yes book for 
yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 
that's too bad. please book any other restaurant that is in the 
that's too bad. please book any other restaurant that is in the west and 
hi, i would like some suggestions for entertainment venues to visit in the 
hi, i would like some suggestions for 
i think i would like to try 
yes, how about a place to eat? 
yes please. i need it to be for 8 people at 12:30 on 
yes please. i need it to be for 
yes please. i need it to be for 8 people at 
i need to find a guesthouse with a 
i need to find a 
excellent. i also need a train to 
can you help with transit information? i need to go to ely by train on sunday and need to arrive by 
can you help with transit information? i need to go to ely by train on 
can you help with transit information? i need to go to ely by train on sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing 
can you help with transit information? i need to go to 
yes, that sounds perfect. can you purchase 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
no, but can you help me find a restaurant? i think it's called 
i would like to find a 
i want a 
i would prefer a 
i would prefer a 4 star 
yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on 
yes, can you book it for 
yes, can you book it for 8 people with 
i want to leave the college by 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
how about a chinese restaurant in the 
how about a 
i'm sorry i meant a chinese restaurant in the 
i'm sorry i meant a 
are there any places in the 
any price range is fine. but if you can see if there is one that has 
yes, i would like to book. can you get me a room there for 
yes, i would like to book. can you get me a room there for sunday? i will need a room for 
yes, i would like to book. can you get me a room there for sunday? i will need a room for 8 for 
i'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the 
i'd like to find a 
could you give me the address and postcode of the 
i'm looking for train information that leaves 
i'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after 
i also need a 
it should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. do you think 
it should also be a guesthouse with a 
it should also be a 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
you pick something in the 
okay, let's book a table at the anatolia for 
okay, let's book a table at the anatolia for monday at 17:
okay, let's book a table at the anatolia for monday at 
okay, let's book a table at the 
come to think of it, i think i may need a taxi to get me between the two. can it get me from cherry hinton to anatolia by 
come to think of it, i think i may need a taxi to get me between the two. can it get me from cherry hinton to 
i need a train that will be leaving from 
i need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by 
i need the train to leave on 
i need the train to leave on monday before 16:30 for 
i need the train to leave on monday before 
the latest i can leave to arrive by 
yes, and once i am in ely i need a place to stay on the 
yes, and once i am in ely i need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 
any price range and area is fine. but, is it possible to look for a 
if they have free parking, 
if they have free parking, 
is there a cinema in the 
is there a 
is there a museum to the 
is there a 
no thank you but i do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the 
no thank you but i do need a place to stay that has a star of 
actually, i was looking for a 
actually, i was looking for a 4 star 
how about a 
i really want a hotel. are there any 
i really want a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
no, it just needs to be 
sounds good. can i get it for 7 people and 4 nights from 
sounds good. can i get it for 
sounds good. can i get it for 7 people and 
sounds good. can i get it for 7 people and 
ok, try for 
i would like to find some info on the 
i need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting 
i need it for 
i need it for 4 people for 
i need it for 
could you provide me with the address of the 
i would like some information about the 
in the 
i would also like to get some expensive 
i would also like to get some 
how about a 
is 
yes, i would prefer it to be in the 
possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for 
i'm sorry, i was confused. i need a 
i need a restaurant in the 
please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the 
please suggest me some 
i need help finding a chinese restaurant in the 
i need help finding a 
i would like it in the 
what is the entrance fee for regent street city 
ok i would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the 
i will be leaving the restaurant by 
i heard 
i would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on 
sure, i'm looking for places to go in town, something in the 
i need to leave by astroturf pitch by 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
the restaurant should serve 
yes thank you, i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this 
yes thank you, i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 
yes thank you, i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 
i need a train to broxbourne, that arrives by 
i need a train to 
is that leaving on 
not yet but i also need a restaurant that serve mediterranean food and should be in the 
not yet but i also need a restaurant that serve 
tell me about 
can you suggest any local restaurants in the 
can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve 
okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the 
okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is 
can you check for 
yes please make a booking for 3 people at 19:45 on 
yes please make a booking for 
yes please make a booking for 3 people at 
yes, i need a train on the same day from 
yes, i need a train on the same day from ely to 
i need the train to arrive to arrive by 
i need the train to arrive to arrive by 1
can you book the 
can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? i would also like to request that it be leaving on a 
can you help me find a train that leaves 
i need to head to 
i need to head to kings lynn and leave after 
actually i'll book on my own. can you give me some information about a hotel called 
i would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on 
i would like to book 2 nights for 
i would like to book 
can you help me find somewhere to stay in the 
can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? i want it to be 
how about the 
not right now. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves 
i would like it in the 
no, how about 
yes, please. i would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 
first, may i have the address for the 
i want a moderate priced restaurant in the 
i want a 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i'm open to any kind of food. i'm looking for something in the 
i'm open to any kind of food. i'm looking for something in the centre and on the 
that sounds lovely. there will be 2 of us at 16:45 on 
that sounds lovely. there will be 
that sounds lovely. there will be 2 of us at 
is there a 
i'm looking for 
that's okay. how about 
in the 
the range does not matter. just the 
yes, let's make it for 1 person at 19:45 on 
yes, let's make it for 
yes, let's make it for 1 person at 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. it doesn't need internet and should be 
yes, i love guesthouses when i travel alone. can you book it for three nights please, starting on 
limehouse for 1 person, 3 nights and starting on 
limehouse for 
hi, i'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
hi, i'm looking for a cheap 
yes. please. three people, 
okay, what other 
i would like a train that is going by 
kings lynn on 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 15:45 and should go to 
i don't have a preference as long as i arrive at 
yes. i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
yes. i am looking for a restaurant that serves north american food. preferably in the 
book a table for 8 people at 20:30 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 8 people at 
we will be staying in the 
a 
thanks! i'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that i'd like to book for 1 on 
thanks! i'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that i'd like to book for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that i'd like to book for 1 on saturday at 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
i want a place to stay. is there an 
if you have anything in the 
i would like to book a meal at a 
i would like it be located in the 
i would like it be located in the centre area. i like expensive 
i would like it be located in the centre area. i like 
yes you can you book it for 6 people at 12:45 on 
yes you can you book it for 
yes you can you book it for 6 people at 
i am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so i arrive by 
i am going to broxbourne and need to leave 
i am going to 
yes, i would like to travel on 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i also need a guesthouse with 
i also need a 
in the same area as the restaurant, 
i want 
i want turkish at a 
book for 8 people on 
book for 
book for 8 people on friday at 
yes, i'd also like to check out a cool place in the 
how about 
what about a 
are there any places that serve 
how about some 
ok, so their number is 01223244149? is there any 
ok, so their number is 01223244149? is there any chinese attractions around the same area as the 
how about a 
can you book my a taxi between the two? i want to leave 
can you book my a taxi between the two? i want to leave camboats for 
can you book my a taxi between the two? i want to leave camboats for yu garden by 
i'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called 
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves 
i would like an 
a restaurant that serves 
could you tell me the phone number of 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 
yes, can you book it for 6 people? we will arrive on 
yes, can you book it for 
yes, can you book it for 6 people? we will arrive on friday and stay for 
can you check for a different 
it does not need to be a guesthouse. can't you find anything that is 
it does not need to be a guesthouse. can't you find anything that is east, 
can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the 
sure do, know of any interesting ones on the 
that should do. i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
that should do. i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the 
yes, i would like it to be in the 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
yes. how about a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
no, i'd like a room for 8 people. we'll be checking in on 
no, i'd like a room for 
no, i'd like a room for 8 people. we'll be checking in on thursday for 
yes, i also need an expensive restaurant located in the 
yes, i also need an 
i'm looking for 
yes, please make 8 reservations for 
yes, please make 
yes, please make 8 reservations for friday night at 
can you suggest a nice place that has a 
i also am looking for a hotel with a 
i really prefer a 
nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! we'll be arriving on 
nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! we'll be arriving on tuesday and staying 5 nights. there will be 
nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! we'll be arriving on tuesday and staying 
great, what was the 
hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? i need to travel to 
hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? i need to travel to london liverpool street sometime after 
i am leaving from cambridge on 
i am leaving from 
yes please. also i am looking for a 4 star hotel with a 
yes please. also i am looking for a 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
i need to find a certain restaurant called 
yes, please. i need a 
i'd like it to be a 
i am looking for a hotel on the 
i will also need a train. i'm traveling on 
i want to depart from 
i want to depart from broxbourne after 
it will actually be for 
yes i am looking to stay in a 
yes i am looking to stay in a 4 star 
i am looking for one with free parking and 
yes, that would be great. i would like my check-in to be on 
yes, that would be great. i would like my check-in to be on saturday. i will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 
yes, that would be great. i would like my check-in to be on saturday. i will be staying for 
great! i'm also looking for a place called 
i want to leave 
i want to leave fez by 
hi, i need a train out of 
i will be going to 
i would like the train to leave on friday after 
ok, can you book that for 
great, can't wait! are you able to help us find a cheap chinese restaurant somewhere near the city 
great, can't wait! are you able to help us find a cheap 
great, can't wait! are you able to help us find a 
yes, all of them are. can you get a table for all 
yes, all of them are. can you get a table for all 8 of us at charlie chan at 
yes, all of them are. can you get a table for all 8 of us at 
could you try 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i really prefer to stay in the 
great. i need it for 
great. i need it for 7 for 
i will be starting from 
i also need a train for 
i also need a train for tuesday that leaves london liverpool street and arrives in cambridge by 16:1
do you have a train less early? one that arrives around 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
i am looking for a 
do any of those have a star of 
may i have the phone numbers for those 
yes. i am also looking for somewhere to go that would be in the same area as the 
i think i'll try the 
i need to find a train leaving after 21:30 from 
i need to find a train leaving after 
i am leaving on 
i am leaving on saturday and going to 
that'll work. how much does that cost and how long does it take to get into 
is there anything in the city 
is there anything in the city centre that sells 
yeah, how about 
moderate would be fine, but any of them will do, as long as i can get in today, at 
sure, let's try de luca cucina. i want to reserve a table for 1 person on 
sure, let's try de luca cucina. i want to reserve a table for 
sure, let's try de luca cucina. i want to reserve a table for 1 person on saturday at 
sure, let's try 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called the 
ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 18:30 on 
ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 
ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 
thank you! i'm also looking for a hotel called the 
yes, i need it for 5 nights starting on 
yes, i need it for 5 nights starting on saturday for 
i want a train leaving on 
i am departing from 
hmm, can you double check? i would be departing from bishops stortford and going to cambridge for 
hmm, can you double check? i would be departing from 
hmm, can you double check? i would be departing from bishops stortford and going to 
i want to leave after 
thank you. so what do you have for 
yes please make sure the 
i'd like some information about the 
yes, please and thank you. i'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? i'll be traveling from london king's cross to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on saturday and would like to leave after 
hi, i am looking for a high-end 
how about one that serves 
is it 
yes i would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the 
yes i would like to visit some 
i need a place to dine in the center thats 
any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit 
sounds good, could i get that phone number? also, could you recommend me an 
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 
no, but i'd really like to be on the 
yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, book it for 
yes, book it for 
how about for 
hi there! can you give me some info on 
yes please. i need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 7 people for 
i would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on 
i would like to book it for 
yeah, i need a restaurant in the 
yeah, i need a restaurant in the west and with 
i am looking for a hotel named 
we will be arriving on 
we will be arriving on sunday and will stay for 
there will be 
it's a place called 
yes, i do. i'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 
i am looking for a restaurant. i would like something cheap that has 
i am looking for a restaurant. i would like something 
yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on 
yes, could you make a reservation for 
yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 
please find me a train from 
please find me a train from cambridge to 
saturday leaving 
saturday leaving cambridge anytime after 
can you book me 
i am also looking for the 
can you try for 
can you try for saturday at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i also want to see the travel times for a train going from kings lynn from cambridge on 
i also want to see the travel times for a train going from 
i also want to see the travel times for a train going from kings lynn from 
i also want to see the travel times for a train going from kings lynn from cambridge on saturday. it should leave after 
i got that backwards. need a train leaving kings lynn after 9:15 and arriving in cambridge sometime on 
i got that backwards. need a train leaving 
i got that backwards. need a train leaving kings lynn after 9:15 and arriving in 
i would like to go to the 
that's a lot of choices, how about 
yes, i would like an 
okay well now i need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 
hi, i'd like to book a train to stansted airport from 
hi, i'd like to book a train to 
from 
on saturday. is there a train that will arrive by 
on 
no need to book it. thanks. but can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the 
no need to book it. thanks. but can you help me find a 
yeah, could you recommend a good 
i would like to book a table at the backstreet bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on 
i would like to book a table at the backstreet bistro for 
i would like to book a table at the backstreet bistro for 5 people at 
i would like to book a table at the 
yes, any suggestions of museums found in the 
yes, any suggestions of 
i want to find an expensive restaurant and serves 
i want to find an 
where's a good place to eat 
how about british restaurants in the 
how about 
i would prefer the 
yes please make a booking for 8 people at 12:30 on 
yes please make a booking for 
yes please make a booking for 8 people at 
what's a good 
any 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the north of cambridge that is within a 
please book a table for 4 at the chinese place at 12:30 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 4 at the chinese place at 
please book a table for 4 at the 
i am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on 
i am also looking for a train that goes to 
i would like to arrive in broxbourne by 
i would like to arrive in 
find me a train that leaves on 
find me a train that leaves on sunday after 
i am leaving norwich going to cambridge on 
i am leaving 
i am leaving norwich going to 
i am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and i need a train that leaves the station any time after 
yes i am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the 
yes i am looking for a 
i would prefer 
i would prefer italian but 
could you provide details for something in the 
perfect. i'll need a room for myself, for five nights on 
actaully i will be on business so not out much but i do need a train, to 
actaully i will be on business so not out much but i do need a train, to cambridge leaving after 
yes, i need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on 
yes, i need a train going to cambridge leaving after 2
yes, i need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:1
i need a train after 
great, thanks for that information on the train. can you book for a train leaving after 
actually, yes. we are traveling into the 
that sounds nice but i would like to see about a 
no, i don't really care about price. just something in the 
groovy!! let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting 
groovy!! let get a booking for 
groovy!! let get a booking for 
yes, i am looking to visit the 
can you help me book a table at a chinese restaurant that's in the 
can you help me book a table at a 
i need some 
that sounds like they'll have some awesome chop suey. please book me a table for 2 on 
that sounds like they'll have some awesome chop suey. please book me a table for 
that sounds like they'll have some awesome chop suey. please book me a table for 2 on tuesday at 
can we try the same day for 
i am looking for some type of 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the 
let's go with 
can you help me find an expensive 
can you help me find an 
i'm interested in restaurants located in the 
yeah, could you book it for 8 people on 
yeah, could you book it for 
yeah, could you book it for 8 people on monday? i think 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
oh, ok. i really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. can you recommend a 
sounds good. can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting 
sounds good. can you get me a room for 
sounds good. can you get me a room for 2 for 
what is the train schedule from birmingham new street like? i need to arrive at 
what is the train schedule from 
i need the travel day to be 
i need the travel day to be sunday. i'll be going to cambridge and arrive by 13:4
i'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good bistro in the 
i'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good 
hmm... let me think. let's try maybe something 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on 
yes, and can you book a table for 
yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 
heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north 
heya, can you find me an 
are there any expensive restaurants with 
are there any 
yes, the one in the 
yes, please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 2 people at 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and i was told the 
okay, sounds good. also i need to get a train from liverpool street to 
oh wait, you know what? i forgot to ask about star ratings. what's the star rating on the 
the train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on 
the train should leave after 
does that train leave on 
i need a train to go from 
i need a train to go from cambridge to 
i am traveling on 
i would like to arrive by 
i would like to book that train for 
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. 
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i don't like hotels, so a 
yes, the hotel should be in the 
not sure of that, i am looking for a restaurant named "
not sure of that, i am looking for a restaurant named "
i would like to book a table for 5 people on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 5 people on sunday at 
i am looking for a high priced hotel in the 
how about an expensive hotel in the 
how about an 
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
hi, what can you tell me about the 
yes for 2 at 19:30 on 
yes for 
yes for 2 at 
i'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 
i'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on 
i'd also need a train leaving the centre going to 
yes, it should depart from 
i'm looking for a 
it should be in the 
it should be in the centre and be on the 
yes, please book for two nights beginning on 
thank you. i'm also looking for a 
i want to arrive at the castle galleries by 
i want to arrive at the 
please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the 
please find me a place to dine that's 
i am looking for 
ok great. can you reserve a table there for 
ok great. can you reserve a table there for thursday for 
ok great. can you reserve a table there for thursday for 5 people at 
yes a 
you know what? i don't need a hotel after all. i heard something about an attraction called 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 1 at 17:15 on 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 1 at 
perhaps i'd like to see a 
thank you. i am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the 
thank you. i am also needing help booking a 
4 people for 5 nights starting 
4 people for 
hey, i'm up 
i need something in the 
the 
sorry, i've been all over the place. to be clear, i need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the 
sorry, i've been all over the place. to be clear, i need a 
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for 
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 
ok great. can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from 
ok great. can you book a room for 
ok great. can you book a room for 6 people and 
great, thank you. i'm also in need of an 
great, thank you. i'm also in need of an indian restaurant in the 
i certainly want to try it then. please book for 6 people at 11:30 on 
i certainly want to try it then. please book for 
i certainly want to try it then. please book for 6 people at 
can you assist me in finding me an expensive restaurant in cambridge where i can dine? the restaurant should be serving 
can you assist me in finding me an 
i'd like it to be in 
we will be dining at 16:30. please book a table for 3 on 
we will be dining at 16:
we will be dining at 
i would like a room for three people, just for 
can i have the postcode and 
i'm looking for a train from cambridge to leicester on 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from cambridge to 
i need to leave after 
yes, could you book me 
yes, i need it for 
yes, i need it for thursday. 
yes, i need it for thursday. 2 people 
i live in the 
is there a gastropub in 
is there a 
let's go with the 
not right now, but i am looking for a place to stay. are there any 
is the 
yes, i'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 
i really need to get out of 
i really need to get out of cambridge! can you find me a train to 
i really need to get out of cambridge! can you find me a train to leicester? sometime after 
i'll be leaving this place on 
i'm also looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
i'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from 
i'd like to to book it for 
i'd like to to book it for 8 people and 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a cheap 
do they have free parking? are they rated 
did you have something that fits with 
what about a 
what about a 4 star 
yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes,please book for 
yes,please book for 
i would like to book for 
thanks! can you also help me find a 
i am looking for a 
i'd like it to be in the 
i'd like it to be in the north, and to be a 
yes, please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 
i'm looking for a place to eat. i would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a place to eat. i would like it to be an 
i'm looking for a restaurant with 
please book the one is 
yes, it's for 8 people. 16:45 on 
yes, it's for 
yes, it's for 8 people. 
yes please try the 
i would like to find out information about a hotel called 
yes please. it'll be for 
yes please. it'll be for 
i need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from 
i need to book it to 
i need to book it to 2 people for 
i need to book it to 2 people for 
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to broxbourne on 
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to 
yes i will be leaving from 
i would like to leave after 
yes that will work. i need to book it for 
i'm looking for something in the 
yes please book the 
i will be arriving on 
yes, i would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the 
yes, i would also l like to find a splendid, 
i'd like an 
yes. i would like to leave the restaurant by 
hi, i need a moderate price range restaurant in the 
hi, i need a 
yes. the booking should be for 2 on 
yes. the booking should be for 
yes. the booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 
an art 
we will be on the 
i want some 
yeah, can you check the 
what a bummer. find me a restaurant that serves british food on the 
what a bummer. find me a restaurant that serves 
the 
i need to get to london liverpool street by 
i need to get to 
i'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. it is called the 
i'd like to start my stay on 
i'd like to start my stay on wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 
thanks so much. i also need a train to arrive in peterborough by 
thanks so much. i also need a train to arrive in 
i just want to verify that train leaves from cambridge correct? if so, can you book it for 
i just want to verify that train leaves from 
i am traveling to cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. could you help me find a place to go, like a 
can you give me the entrance fee for one of the 
i'm also looking for a hotel in the 
i'm also looking for a 
i want to stay for 5 nights starting on 
i want to stay for 
can you see if they have just 
can you see if they have just 
i need a taxi please between the 2 places. i want to leave the attraction by 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the 
okay may i please have the phone number for 
thank you! i'm also looking for a train for 
i need to leave cambridge on 
i need to leave 
i am going to 
i am going to ely and it should leave by 
let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the 
how about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on 
how about you pick one and reserve a table for 
how about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 
i will be leaving on 
i would like to eat in the center of town at a 
how about african? i'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on 
how about african? i'd like to book a table for 
how about african? i'd like to book a table for 7 at 
how about 
that doesn't matter as long as it's 
it doesn't matter. like i told you, it just needs to be a 
it doesn't matter. like i told you, it just needs to be a cheap 
okay i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
okay i would like to make a booking for 
okay i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 
okay i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 
i also need a train on 
i also need a train on friday, departing after 
i am departing from 
i will be traveling to 
i don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the 
no, i would like it for 
i also need to find an indian restaurant in the 
i also need to find an 
4 of us 
4 of us friday at 
i would like to get to the restaurant by 
i need a place to eat that is 
in the 
i want something with 
i actually just need an expensive place to dine in the 
i actually just need an 
yes please. can you book that for 8 people on 
yes please. can you book that for 
yes please. can you book that for 8 people on saturday at 
if 
i'm looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of 
what 
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay in town. i'd like a place with free parking and a 
that's fine. can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from 
that's fine. can you book it for 
that's fine. can you book it for 
that's fine. can you book it for 
i need a train on tuesday that arrives by 
i need a train on 
i want to depart from london and arrive in 
do you know the 
i'm looking for 
i'm also looking for a great italian restaurant on the 
i'm also looking for a great 
what is the address and phone number to 
i'm hoping to book a train from 
i'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to 
i need to leave wednesday and arrive after 
i need to leave 
i would like to leave after 
yeah, that works. can you recommend a 
i'd like it to be in the 
it doesn't really matter. moderately priced located in the 
hi! i'm looking for a train to norwich on 
hi! i'm looking for a train to 
from cambridge and i want to arrive by 
from 
yes please, book it for 
i am also looking for a place to stay. can you find a 
i am also looking for a place to stay. can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a 
if there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the 
if there are no 1 star 
yes 
there will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on 
there will be 
there will be 7 people staying for 
would 
can you help me in finding a suitable 
yes, i'd like to stay in the 
yes. i want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on 
yes. i want to book it for 2 nights, 
yes. i want to book it for 
hi, i want a moderately priced restaurant located in the 
hi, i want a 
i would like inexpensive 
ok, how about an 
i do not have a preference of area as long as it's 
hi! would you please help me find a 
it needs to be 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 
i need to travel on 
i need to travel on monday, departing 
yes, i need 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
how about 
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the 
can you find me an 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 7 people at 
i actually want to find a 
let's try for a 
i need a 
i need a south restaurant with 
is there a chinese restaurant in the 
is there a 
are you able to find me a 
are you able to find me a french 
an attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the 
yes, i would also like to find an 
i would prefer 
i would prefer british food and an 
no thanks, but i am interested in getting a tax from 
no thanks, but i am interested in getting a tax from old schools to the 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave old schools by 
could you help me find a 
could you help me find a 0 star 
is the 
is the cityroomz a 
you know what, the hotel will actually work for me. can you tell me where 
you know what, the 
yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? i need it on 
yes, can you book that for me for 
yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 
good morning, i need help finding a restaurant that serves 
good morning, i need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the 
how about one with 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have a table available for 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have a table available for 6 people at 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
i would like it to be a 
how about in the 
can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the 
can you help me find a 
yes, do any serve 
can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on 
can you check to see if either has booking for 
can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 
no, i need 17:15 on monday. perhaps a different restaurant in the 
no, i need 17:15 on 
no, i need 17:1
no, i need 
no, i need 17:15 on monday. perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with 
can you help me find a place to stay that is 
area doesn't really matter, but i would like a 
nah, not right now. i do need info on a train though. what's the schedule like on 
nah, not right now. i do need info on a train though. what's the schedule like on sunday trains leaving 
how about a train that will arrive by 
how about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to 
yes, that sounds perfect. can you make me a booking for 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
i also need a train from 
i also need a train from cambridge to 
i just need to leave on wednesday and should arrive by 
i just need to leave on 
what are my options for 
that sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on 
that sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on tuesday at 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
i have no preference, but the 
that's perfect. i would like to book it for 1 person. it needs to be for 4 nights beginning 
that's perfect. i would like to book it for 
that's perfect. i would like to book it for 1 person. it needs to be for 
yes, please try booking for 
are there any attractions to see in town? i'm interested in going to a 
which is your favorite 
i'd like to leave the acorn by 
i am looking for a 
oh, i would like a guesthouse that is 
oh, i would like a 
i don't care about the area. as long as i can have it booked for 3 people starting on 
i don't care about the area. as long as i can have it booked for 
i don't care about the area. as long as i can have it booked for 3 people starting on tuesday for 
yes, please book 
hi, can you help me find a train from 
hi, can you help me find a train from norwich to 
i would like to arrive wednesday at 
i would like to arrive 
i'd like a guesthouse with a star of 
i'd like a 
yes please, i need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on 
yes please, i need it for 
yes please, i need it for 4 people, 
yes please, i need it for 
how about 1 night at the archway house for 
how about 
how about 1 night at the 
how about 1 night at the archway house for 
is there any place here in the 
is there any place here in the centre that serves 
are there any restaurants in the 
are there any restaurants in the centre that serves 
i need a cheap place to eat on the 
i need a 
excellent. i also need to find a place to stay while in town. can you help me find a 
yes, i'll be staying on the 
yes, i'll be staying on the south side so a 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a 
are there any cheap restaurants that serve 
are there any 
it really doesn't matter, but i suppose the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
i would like something in the 
i would like something in the east with 
does it have free parking? can you provide me with the contact details of this 
can you find me a 3 star hotel in the 
can you find me a 
can you find me a 3 star 
yes. i want to book it for 1 person. i want to stay for 5 nights starting from 
yes. i want to book it for 
yes. i want to book it for 1 person. i want to stay for 
yes please. another 3-star hotel in the 
yes please. another 
yes please. another 3-star 
do you have any 
i am sorry i mean i want a 
how about one that is in the type of 
i also need a 
i'd like it to be a guest house in the 
i'm not sure yet. i'm really researching right now. can you please recommend a guesthouse in the 
i'm not sure yet. i'm really researching right now. can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the 
i'm not sure yet. i'm really researching right now. can you please recommend a 
no but i do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the 
yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the 
yes, please tell me your favorite 
i'm looking for some place to go in the town 
ok, are there any 
yes, 
yes, christ's 
i'd like something 
i need a train on 
i need a train on tuesday that goes to 
i want to leave by 
well i need it to leave after 19:30 and i would like to make a booking for 
well i need it to leave after 19:30 and i would like to make a booking for 5 people on 
well i need it to leave after 
i am also looking for information about the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like to find a moderately priced place and i need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a 
i would like to find a moderately priced place and i need a reservation for 
i would like to find a moderately priced place and i need a reservation for 4 people at 
i would like to find a 
yes, could you make it for 
i am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere i could go in the 
i am looking for some 
that's fine. i'd like to know about 
fitzwilliam 
great. now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? from 
great. now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? from the varsity restaurant to 
actually it's from fitzwilliam museum to the varsity restaurant i want to arrive by the 
actually it's from 
actually it's from fitzwilliam museum to 
it doesn't matter, at long as i arrive at the restaurant by 
i need a three star 
i'm sorry. i meant to ask for information on a restaurant. it's called the 
yes, sounds wonderful. can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on 
yes, sounds wonderful. can you book a table for 
yes, sounds wonderful. can you book a table for 7 at 
anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
hmm. okay. could you help me find a train? i need to leave on 
i want to leave on sunday and arrive by 
i want to leave on 
i am traveling to cambridge from 
i am traveling to 
i am look for a 
i am looking for a particular restaurant called 
excellent. thank you. also, can you assist me with finding a train for 
we will be traveling from 
we will be traveling from cambridge and going to 
we will be traveling from cambridge and going to ely, but it needs to leave after 
i need to leave after 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i am looking for information about a hotel called the 
yes, please. i would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. we'll arrive on 
yes, please. i would like a room for 
yes, please. i would like a room for 6 people for 
i need a train going to 
i need a train going to leicester that leaves after 
i will be departing 
i will be departing leicester going to 
i will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. i need to leave after 
i need 
i need 1 ticket for departure on 
yes i want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on 
yes i want to reserve a table for 
yes i want to reserve a table for 7 people at 
yes i want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on thursday at an expensive 
yes i want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on thursday at an 
sure. if there are no other 
could you get a reservation at a difference expensive 
could you get a reservation at a difference 
i would like free parking and wifi for sure. preferably on the 
i would like free parking and wifi for sure. preferably on the west side with 
that sounds wonderful. could you reserve our rooms? we'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on 
that sounds wonderful. could you reserve our rooms? we'll be a party of 
that sounds wonderful. could you reserve our rooms? we'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on sunday. i think we'll be staying 
that sounds wonderful. could you reserve our rooms? we'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on sunday. i think we'll be staying 
thank you, yes, i'd like to also find a nice 
no, but can you try to find a museum in the 
i need a train to cambridge please. i plan to leave out on 
i need a train to 
i am leaving 
i need to leave after 
um, the one at 14:48 please. could you book it for 
yes. i'm looking for a restaurant called 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. it serves 
is there anything interesting to see in the 
i would be interested in seeing some interesting 
no thank you though. i would like information on 
well, how about 
that sounds good, can you book 
that sounds good, can you book 2 people at 
yes, i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i'll need to be at the restaurant by 
i need it to arrive before the 
you're right. i forgot to select an architectural sight that i wanted to visit. could you suggest one in the city 
i'm looking for a 
any so long as it is a 
yes, please try 
yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes please. book it for 
yes please. book it for 
thank you. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
thank you. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food and that is 
no any area will work. whatever you recommend. i need a reservation for 
no any area will work. whatever you recommend. i need a reservation for friday, 
no any area will work. whatever you recommend. i need a reservation for friday, 3 people at 
no, but i am looking for a 
thanks. i would like some information on 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for somewhere classy and 
yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a 
yes please, could you try finding me a 
i would settle for a 
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. for 4 people for 5 nights on 
moderately priced with a 
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. for 4 people for 
moderately priced with a 
okay great! can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on 
okay great! can you please book a reservation for 
okay great! can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 
okay great! can you please book a reservation for 
can you book a hotel for me? i would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown cambridge for tonight for 
can you book a hotel for me? i would like a 
yes that would be fine. are there any colleges in the 
thank you, i actually need a 
i need free parking in the 
does that 
yup. 5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for 
yup. 5 nights just 
yup. 
i'd like to stay at a 
the hotel should have a star of 
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 6 people for 
i'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city 
i'd like to find out more about 
are there any restaurants that serve 
can you give me some information on a hotel called 
yes, please! i'll be traveling solo, and i need 3 nights starting 
yes, please! i'll be traveling solo, and i need 
well, i need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 
i want to eat at an expensive 
i want to eat at an 
yeah, i need a reservation for 4 people on 
yeah, i need a reservation for 
yeah, i need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 
i need a list of 
okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 
i will be staying 5 nights starting from 
i will be staying 
yes, can you book it for 
thank you. i also need a train to kings lynn that leaves on 
thank you. i also need a train to 
the attraction should be in the 
the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
what is the postcode for the 
yes, i'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the 
yes, i'd also like to find a 
yes, i'd also like to find a moderately-priced 
sure, i'll be coming in on 
sure, i'll be coming in on sunday with one other person. we'll be staying for 
can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the 
i would like to leave by 
you don't need an arrival time. i told you my departure time is 
i would like to find a 
i'm interested in exploring the local 
i need a place that is 
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for an 
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive, 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the north but can you try in the 
let's go with ashley hotel. for 8 people and 2 nights starting from 
let's go with ashley hotel. for 
let's go with ashley hotel. for 8 people and 
let's go with 
let's go with ashley hotel. for 8 people and 
i also need to book a taxi from 
i also need to book a taxi from old schools to leave by 
i need a place to eat in the 
can you please search for 
i want something 
that would be fine. i would like reservations on 
that would be fine. i would like reservations on wednesday for 
that would be fine. i would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 
yes. i also need a 
i need to find a place to eat in the 
i'd like something that serves 
great can you book one for 2 people at 16:00 on 
great can you book one for 
great can you book one for 2 people at 
i am also looking for a train for 
i'm looking to arrive in cambridge by 
i need a train to stansted airport from 
i need a train to 
thursday. i need to arrive by 
looking for something in the 
looking for something in the north, 
sure, 
sure, saturday for 5 nights and 
sure, saturday for 
does the 
can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting 
can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 
can you book the worth house for 
can you book the 
i want something that's 
i would like the 
i am looking for a 
do any serve 
i'm looking to get some info about a hotel called 
yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes, can you please book a room for me for 
yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 
i am also looking for an indian restaurant that is located in the 
i am also looking for an 
curry garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 12:15 on 
curry garden sounds good, can you book me for 
curry garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 
i need a train to 
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on tuesday, and depart from 
yeah. i need to book for 
thanks for the booking. i also am looking for a 
one moment. i am looking for 2 stars. does 
one moment. i am looking for 2 stars. does arbury lodge 
four star please same group of people starting 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but i need a table for 7 people for 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but i need a table for 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but i need a table for 7 people for tuesday at 
i am looking for an 
could we try for 
could we try for tuesday at 
i'd like to find out more about taking a tour of 
i'd like to find out more about taking a tour of trinity 
yes, i'd like to find a restaurant in the 
i would 
yeah, i'd like a moderately priced restaurant. and type of food doesn't actually matter. just somewhere moderately priced in the 
yeah, i'd like a 
great! thanks. i also need a taxi to take me between the two. i want to leave the restaurant by 
hi, i need a hotel on the 
hi, i need a 
i don't care about price range, but i do want the hotel to have a 
i don't care about price range, but i do want the 
i also need information on the 
yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 1 at 
would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the 
would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the huntingdon marriott to the 
i'm looking for an 
is there any 
i am also looking for 
i need to arrive at cambridge contemporary art by 
i need to arrive at 
thanks! i really don't care about the area. i need stay in a 
i don't mind about the price but i want something with 
that sounds nice. can you get it for four nights starting 
i am from broxbourne and coming into cambridge. what trains would you have available on 
i am from 
i am from broxbourne and coming into 
i need to leave after 
i want it to be cheap, in the 
i want it to be 
as long as it has free wifi. i need a room for 2 nights for 
as long as it has free wifi. i need a room for 
please find me an expensive place to dine on the 
please find me an 
how about 
yes, that sounds good! book a table for 
yes, that sounds good! book a table for 3 at 
yes, that sounds 
i'd like to make it for 
i need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 
how about 
the area does not matter. just the criteria i stated. it will be starting 
if you can book it for my group, i need it for 3 nights starting on 
if you can book it for my group, i need it for 
i'm trying to find a train that departs from london kings cross on 
i'm trying to find a train that departs from 
any time that lets me arrive by 
yes can you please book that for 
yes, have you heard of a restaurant called 
can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on 
can you book be there for 
can you book be there for 8 people at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
either one. i just need it to be open on 
i would like that. a table for 
i would like that. a table for 8 at 
i'm looking for a 
yes, that would be great. i'll need it booked for the same group of people, 
yes, i'm looking for 
i'm looking for a 
no, i don't care about the location. i do want a 
yes. where is a good expensive restaurant in the 
yes. where is a good 
what's the address, postcode and phone number of the 
let's book it for 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the 
yes, that would be fine. i don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for 
i want to leave the college by 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
i need a hotel in the 
i need a 
okay. please book a stay starting on 
okay. please book a stay starting on tuesday for 4 nights and 
okay. please book a stay starting on tuesday for 
can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the 
can you help me find a 
oh, yes! 
no, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the 
no, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. book for 7 people on 
no, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. book for 
no, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. book for 7 people on wednesday at 
no, let's try 
no, let's try italian on the 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the centre and in the 
no, the restaurant should serve 
let's try the 
just 1 person at 13:15 on 
just 
just 1 person at 
hello, can i please have some information on the types of 
i also need a place to eat, i want 
i also need a place to eat, i want european food and it needs to be 
hi! can you give me some information on the 
i would like to book for two on 
i would like to book for two on wednesday, at 
i'm looking for 
yes, i also wanted to find an 
yes, i also wanted to find an expensive 
what about a 4 star guest with free parking. if there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the 
what about a 
what about a 4 star guest with free parking. if there is no such 
i don't have a preference. please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on 
i don't have a preference. please make a suggestion and book it for 
i don't have a preference. please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm sorry,was christ's 
please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 7 people for 
i want to leave by 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
yes. we need a table for 2 at 14:45 on 
yes. we need a table for 
yes. we need a table for 2 at 
how about at 
thank you so much. can you help me find a place to stay? i would like a 3 star place that's in the 
thank you. do you know what type of hotel 
actually, i know i said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out i need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 
please tell me about the locations of some pools in the 
one in the 
the area doesn't matter, but it should have 
could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from 
could you book rooms for 
could you book rooms for 7 people for 
could you book rooms for 7 people for 
i'm looking for lodgings on the 
i'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the 
i am also trying to find a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
no, i need a 
i am looking for 
thank you. are there any attractions i could visit in the town 
hi, i need a place to stay with free wifi and in a 
i prefer the 
i prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 
i am looking for a train arriving by 
i am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on 
i am going from 
i am going from cambridge to 
i'm sorry, we have that mixed up. i need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. do you have a train that arrives by 
i'm sorry, we have that mixed up. i need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. do you have a train that arrives by 0
i'm sorry, we have that mixed up. i need to depart from 
i'm sorry, we have that mixed up. i need to depart from leicester and go to 
yes i would like help with booking the train and i will also need to book a 
can you help me find a 
yes, 
yes please. there are 
yes please. there are 5 of us total and we need 
yes please. there are 5 of us total and we need 
i'd like to start my stay on 
i want to leave on 
i'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 
i'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on 
i'll be departing from 
kings lynn and i also looking for a restaurant in the 
kings lynn and i also looking for a restaurant in the south and 
please do. i would also like help finding an 
south area, and food type doesn't matter. i need it for 
south area, and food type doesn't matter. i need it for 3 people at 
just a 
just a 4 star 
do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting 
do not care what area,it will be for 
do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 
do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 
can we book it for 
can we book it for 2 people for 
can we book it for 2 people for 
i am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the 
i am also looking for an expensive 
i am also looking for an 
yes, how about a restaurant that serves 
i need a train for this 
i need a train for this friday that leaves anytime after 
i would like to go to stevenage please and depart from 
i would like to go to 
not right now, but i was wondering if you could tell me about 
let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on 
let's go ahead and book that for 
let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 
can you give me some information on the 
looking for a restaurant on the 
i would like something in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, what is the address of 
i'm looking for an 
hi! i'm looking for an attraction named 
i would like an 
i would like an expensive 
i would like an expensive 3-star 
just to confirm, does the lensfield have free parking? if so i'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on 
just to confirm, does the lensfield have free parking? if so i'd like to book for 
just to confirm, does the lensfield have free parking? if so i'd like to book for 6 people, 
just to confirm, does the 
just to confirm, does the lensfield have free parking? if so i'd like to book for 6 people, 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i'm looking for a 
i prefer the 
yes, i am looking to kill some time in town. are there any museums on the 
yes, i am looking to kill some time in town. are there any 
thank you. what is the post code for 
i would like to leave the restaurant by 
i'm looking for some cheap 
i'm looking for some 
yes, i'd like to make a reservation at the rice house for one person at 11:00 on 
yes, i'd like to make a reservation at the rice house for one person at 
yes, i'd like to make a reservation at the rice house for one person at 
yes, i'd like to make a reservation at the 
are there any 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's 
i'm not really worried about price. which do you suggest that is located in the 
i think i would like to be in the 
actually, can you give me the phone number for 
i am also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 
i am also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on 
i want to go to norwich from 
i want to go to 
can you suggest one? i would like to arrive in 
when does the tr83
i'm in the mood for some 
i'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a 
how about 
i want one on the west side of town. if there's not one there then the 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for 12:00 on 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for 
i would prefer a 
i don't care, book it for the same group of people and 
i enjoy 
i would like that to be in a expensive price range and should be in the 
i would like that to be in a 
yes. 
yes. wednesday. 
yes. wednesday. 6 people at 
i'm looking for an inexpensive 
no thank you. is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve 
that sounds great. would you book either of those for me for 
that sounds great. would you book either of those for me for wednesday at 20:00 for 
that sounds great. would you book either of those for me for wednesday at 
i need a train leaving cambridge on 
i need a train leaving 
leave after 14:45. i need a booking for 
leave after 
i am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. i am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on 
i am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. i am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 
i am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. i am wanting to book a table for 
i am specifically looking for a restaurant called 
i am looking for the 
i'd like to make a reservation for 
i'd like to make a reservation for thursday for 
i'd like to make a reservation for thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 8 people at 
hi, i'm going to be visiting soon, and i am interested in trying a restaruant called 
no but i would like to make a booking for 5 people at 18:30 on 
no but i would like to make a booking for 
no but i would like to make a booking for 5 people at 
i am also looking for a train. it should should depart from 
the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 
the train should go to 
no i just need to make sure i get there by 
i am looking for a nice 
thanks. i also need a hotel in the 
i need something with 
yes, that will be fine. i will need a reservation starting on 
yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on 
yes please. 
yes please. 2 people for 
i need a 
it doesn't matter. i need free parking and prefer a place with 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from kings lynn, and traveling to 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 16:45 and should leave on 
i am looking for a place to visit in town that is 
great. i also need a gastropub restaurant in the 
great. i also need a 
great. i also need a gastropub restaurant in the east that is 
yes please. for 3 people at 12:45 on 
yes please. for 
yes please. for 3 people at 
howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the 
could you provide me with the star rating of the 
yes, that is perfect! can you also find a restaurant in the 
yes, that is perfect! can you also find a restaurant in the centre? i'm looking for 
i will be departing the hotel by 
hello. i need help finding a train on 
i'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from london kings cross and going to 
i'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on friday. i'm working, so i have to wait until 
can you help me find a good hotel? i need one in the 
the 
on second thought i just wanted to find a hotel in the 
on second thought i just wanted to find a 
i would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the 
i would like to eat at 
no, i don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. i will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on 
no, i don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. i will need a reservation for 
no, i don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. i will need a reservation for 1 person at 
no, i don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's 
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 
hi, i'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the 
hi, i'm looking for information on 
you convinced me. how about a 
not at this time but could you help me with a 
i need a 
i need a 
that sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
that sounds good. please book it for 
that sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 
i need to find a place to eat in 
sure. i need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on 
sure. i need a hotel for 
sure. i need a hotel for 
sure. i need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on tuesday. please book 
yes, i'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 
i need a hotel in the 
yes, i would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of 
yes, i would also like for it to be a 
that sounds lovely. i also am looking for an 
that sounds lovely. i also am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
i'd like a place in the 
i'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on 
i'd like a reservation for 
i'd like a reservation for 6 people at 
yes, let's try a little earlier at 
sure, i'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course i want to get there for that 
i would like to be in the 
do you have anything in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a train departing on 
thank you. i am also looking for a train departing on saturday from 
thank you. i am also looking for a train departing on saturday from bishops stortford going to 
i would like to arrive by 
that would be perfect. please reserve 
i'd like to find a restaurant that offers asian oriental cuisine, in the 
i'd like to find a restaurant that offers 
i would like 
monday, 19:00, for 
monday, 
the 
the price does not matter. please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a thursday departure for a train going to 
i am looking to depart from 
i am looking to depart from birmingham new street after 
i don't need train booking. i do need to find a cheap 
i don't need train booking. i do need to find a 
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 18:15 on 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 
is there a cheap restaurant serving 
is there a 
how about a cheap restaurant serving 
how about a 
can you find me a moderately priced 
can you find me a 
yes, the one in the 
yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on 
yes please - could you make a reservation for 
yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 
yes are there any 
i would like a restaurant in any area that serves 
how about 
hello, i am looking for a place to dine. i'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve 
hello, i am looking for a place to dine. i'd prefer it to be 
i'd like to look at the one in the 
no thanks. i don't need a reservation yet. i am also looking to find a great place to do some 
what train should i take to get to cambridge by 
what train should i take to get to 
depart from london liverpool street and should leave on 
depart from 
yes, 
okay. i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any restaurants in the 
okay. i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any restaurants in the centre that serve 
nah. can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 20:45 on 
nah. can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 
nah. can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 
how about 
i would like to try some 
yes, can you check 
what's the most 
no, that's okay. can i book a table for 2 on 
no, that's okay. can i book a table for 
no, that's okay. can i book a table for 2 on friday at 
thank you. i also need train information. we are planning to leave on 
thank you. i also need train information. we are planning to leave on saturday at some time after 
i need 
we need the hotel to be in the 
how about a 
sure, i need it for 3 nights starting 
sure, i need it for 
please book the hotel for 
can you please make a reservation at the 
ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 14:00 on 
ok great, can you book a table for 
ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant in the 
i would like somewhere expensive that serves 
i would like somewhere 
yes book it for 
yes book it for friday. 
yes book it for friday. 5 people at 
it should go to cambridge and should arrive by 
it should go to 
i need to depart from london liverpool street on 
would you be able to suggest a 
is there any 
is there any european 
that's fine. book me a table for 2 on 
that's fine. book me a table for 
that's fine. book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 
that's fine. book me a table for 2 on thursday at 
awesome... what is the postcode for the 
hello, i am looking to find a restaurant that is in the 
hello, i am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. i would prefer something in the 
yes, i would like to eat 
yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on 
yes that is good please make a booking for 
yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 
i need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the 
yes please, i need rooms for 8 people starting 
yes please, i need rooms for 
i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 
i need a hotel in the 
yes 
no. actually sorry. it should be a cheap hotel in the 
no. actually sorry. it should be a 
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse. do you know of any 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes please book that for 
yes please book that for 5 people for 
actually, yes. i wanted to visit a 
i will also need a taxi between them. i need to leave the hotel by 
i need a place to stay in the 
i need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to 
i need a train that leaves after 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on saturday from 
please book the 11:16 train for 
i also need to book accommodations. something in the 
i also need to book accommodations. something in the expensive range with a 
i think i would like the 
yes, i'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. there will be 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, let's try 
i need a 
i need a cheap, 
i need a cheap, 2 star 
ok, find me a 
i would like one in the moderate price range. i need to book one for 
i would like one in the moderate price range. i need to book one for 
i would like one in the 
no, i just need a room for 4 people. we'll arrive on 
no, i just need a room for 
no, i just need a room for 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant serving 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant serving british food that is 
that's ok, i'll handle that, but i'll need a taxi between the 
that's ok, i'll handle that, but i'll need a taxi between the ashley hotel and the restaurant leaving by 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving 
i'm looking for a 
well i would like 
well i would like modern european food and the prices to be 
i would like the address and phone number to 
leave the attraction by 
i'm going to 
i need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i need to find a 
hello, i'm looking for an architecture place to go in the 
hello, i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for the 
thanks. can i also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the 
thanks. can i also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a place to stay. i'd like a 
the 
i'd like the 
i would like a room starting on 
i would like a room starting on sunday for 4 nights. there will be 
i would like a room starting on sunday for 
hello, can you recommend attractions in the 
no thanks. can you find a 
yes, i will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting 
yes, i will need it for 5 nights. 
yes, i will need it for 
i would like to leave the park by 
i am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the 
yes, i'd like a 
i would like a 
great. i also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 
i don't care about the type of cusine, i'd like it to be in the moderate range in the 
i don't care about the type of cusine, i'd like it to be in the 
let's go with the chinese place. can you book me a table for 2 on 
let's go with the chinese place. can you book me a table for 
let's go with the chinese place. can you book me a table for 2 on thursday at 
let's go with the 
i am looking for information on 
could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on 
could you book me a table for 
could you book me a table for 2 at 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 
i'm looking for a train that goes to 
i will be departing from birmingham new street on 
i will be departing from 
please book 
yes please. i need a 
yes please. i need a 3 star 
i would like to stay in the 
i would prefer a 
i want the hotel located in the 
i want the 
please find a place called 
i am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a 
boo. i guess i would be able to try a 
sounds good! please book a table for 3 on 
sounds good! please book a table for 
sounds good! please book a table for 3 on friday at 
can you get me from club salsa to de luca cucina by 
can you get me from 
can you get me from club salsa to 
yes i am looking for information on 
yes, please. for a party of 7 on 
yes, please. for a party of 
yes, please. for a party of 7 on friday, at 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves 
yes i am looking for a hotel in the 
yes i am looking for a 
i would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
i would like it to be for 
i would like it to be for 6 people and 
thank you. i also would like to find some places to go in the area of the 
i think i would like it to be of the 
are there any theatres near the 
are there any theatres near the university arms 
thanks! i'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and i'll need to leave the theatre by 
hi there, i'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the 
no, i need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of 
no, i need a 
hmm, i was looking for 
yes, are there any good 
i am looking for a 
yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on 
yes, can you book me for 
yes, can you book me for 4 people and 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
could i have the address and phone number for the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i do want it to be a 
no, i like the 
no, i like the north. perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 
no, i like the north. perhaps there is a 
i would prefer the 
what is the price of the 
can you book a room for 
can you book a room for tuesday, 
can you book a room for tuesday, 
the restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the 
i would like to leave the hotel by 
can you help me find a hotel in the 
yes i have a 
does it offer free parking? if so, i would like to book it for four nights starting 
does it offer free parking? if so, i would like to book it for four nights starting thursday for 
yes. i would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves 
what about one that has 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, i'd like to book for thursday at 17:15 with 
yes, i'd like to book for thursday at 
can you assist me with finding a 
i'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves 
yes, that would work. could you make it for 
yes, that would work. could you make it for sunday at 
yes, that would work. could you make it for sunday at 
how about 
how about 
thank you. is there a 
i'm looking for information on the 
ok thanks i also need a place to stay located in the 
ok thanks i also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a 
i prefer to stay somewhere in the 
pick one for me. i need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from 
pick one for me. i need a hotel for 
pick one for me. i need a hotel for 2 people and 
thank you. i also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 
i need the address of a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
does it have free wifi and a 
is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on 
is there availability for 
is there availability for 
any hotel, in the 
any hotel, in the north, 
can i get some information on nightclubs in the 
can i get some information on 
how about one that is in the type of 
i don't care about that. i do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the 
i don't care about that. i do need a 4-star, 
i don't care about that. i do need a 
yes. 1 person, 3 nights from 
yes. 
yes. 1 person, 
i will be waiting for my reference number for 
i will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 
i will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at 
i am looking for places to go in cambridge. are there any 
yes i am looking for a restaurant called the 
i would like to book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 5 people at 
can you try to book the restaurant for 
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on 
want to book a table for 
want to book a table for 8 people at 
no thank you. but could you please get me the phone number and postcode for 
i want a train going to 
i need to leave on sunday and i need to arrive by 
i need to leave on 
yes, please. i need a booking for 
do have anything 
either one is fine. if you can recommend for me, that would be great. oh and if there's one you like that's 
it is called 
i am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called 
i also need an 
i would like 
that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 
i need the table for 
i need the table for tuesday at 
i'm seeking an attraction! a 
no, i'd like the name of one in the 
i am also looking for 
are there any 
yeah what's the address of camboats? i also need an 
do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the 
do any of those serve 
how about something that serves 
yes, i'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to 
yes, i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
hello. i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves 
oh okay. what are my choices for 
hi, i am looking for a train that leaves on 
hi, i am looking for a train that leaves on tuesday after 
it should leave from 
it should leave from cambridge and go to 
yes. i would like to book it for 
yes i also need a guesthouse to stay in. it should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the 
yes i also need a guesthouse to stay in. it should have 
yes i also need a 
i want to dine at an expensive 
i want to dine at an 
which of the two restaurants is in the 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
yes. please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
yes. please book it for 
yes. please book it for 2 people for 
thanks a lot. can you also help me find a train going to 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on tuesday after 
not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in 
hi, i'm looking for information on booking a train. i would like to leave on wednesday and arrive at the destination at 
hi, i'm looking for information on booking a train. i would like to leave on 
i would like to catch the train at 
i would like to catch the train at london liverpool street and i'm going to 
awesome. i also need a place to eat in the moderate range. i'm thinking maybe in the city 
awesome. i also need a place to eat in the 
i really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves 
i really wanted a 
is there a train i can take to 
is there a train i can take to cambridge that leaves after 
i'm departing from 
also looking for a guesthouse in the 
also looking for a 
hello! i'm looking for some entertainment in the 
could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of 
what is the entrance fee for the 
what is the entrance fee for the contemporary art 
free is the best price! i'll probably be hungry after the museum. are there any moderately priced 
free is the best price! i'll probably be hungry after the museum. are there any 
could you book a table for me? i need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on 
could you book a table for me? i need a reservation for 
could you book a table for me? i need a reservation for 3 people at 
great! i'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 
is there a restaurant called 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on 
yes, i would like to book a table for 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 
i also need to find a train departing from 
we would like to go to leicester on 
we would like to go to 
we would need the train to leaver after 
i am looking for a 
it should include free wifi and should be in the 
alexander is fine. i need to book for 8 people. we'll arrive 
alexander is fine. i need to book for 
alexander is fine. i need to book for 8 people. we'll arrive wednesday and stay 
i also need to find a train going to 
i would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is 
i need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the 
yes, on the 
i'd like a train leaving on 
i'd like a train leaving on tuesday from 
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to arrive in 
i actually need a place to stay as well. something in the 
i am looking for something that is 
sounds great, could you book it for 
sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 
yes let's go ahead and make it for just 
can you find a 4 star hotel in the 
can you find a 
yes i want 
yes, free parking is important. and also make sure it's an actual 
i guess i don't have a choice. book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this 
i guess i don't have a choice. book me in one of them a room for 
i guess i don't have a choice. book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 
yes, i'm looking for a cuban restaurant in the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
hmm okay can you search for 
hello, we're planning on staying in cambridge and need lodging. we're looking for a 
i would really like to stay in the 
i would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an 
i would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive 
can you suggest one of the 
yes. for one person for 5 nights starting from 
yes. for one person for 
thank you! i also need a train that arrives by 
i'd like to leave from 
i'd like to leave from stevenage and go to 
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge on 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from norwich and going to 
i don't have a departure time but i want to arrive by 
can you find me a 
can you find me a cheap 
could you try to book me into one starting 
there will be three of us checking in on 
i am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves 
i am looking for a place to eat that's 
how about somewhere expensive in the 
how about somewhere 
how about a 
can you book a table at the bistro for me? 4 people at 13:30 on 
can you book a table at the bistro for me? 
can you book a table at the bistro for me? 4 people at 
can you book a table at the 
thanks! i also need a train from 
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to 
i want to leave after 10:30 on 
i want to leave after 
i need a 
yes i want free wifi and the rating should have 
i need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from 
i need booking from 
i need booking from 1 people and 
i need booking from 1 people and 
i need information for a train leaving on 
i need information for a train leaving on friday after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and going to 
perfect, can we book that for 
great, thanks! can you please also recommend an 
i wasn't done yet, but thanks i will have a great day. now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the 
okay. so how about one in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving 
i need one in the 
yes please. i need a table for one at noon on 
yes please. i need a table for one 
can you try 
can you try 
yes please. i need train on the same day arriving in 
i need to arrive by 
sorry, no, i need to depart from 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i would prefer 
do you show any 
that sounds great. there will be 6 of us on 
that sounds great. there will be 
that sounds great. there will be 6 of us on sunday for dinner. say, 
yes, i'd also like to visit a 
hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves 
hi, can you point me to an 
yes, i would like to book a reservation in the 
yes, i would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on 
yes, i would like to book a reservation in the south for 
yes. i actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on 
yes. i actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on wednesday at 
can you try 
i'm coming to cambridge from 
i'm coming to 
i would like to arrive by 
i am looking for a place to stay with 
no, but it should have free wifi, 
no. you can pick the hotel. i will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from 
no. you can pick the hotel. i will need it for 
no. you can pick the hotel. i will need it for 3 people lasting 
what is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the 
i am looking for a 
thank you. can you help me in finding a hotel in the 
does it have 
could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 
could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 
could either of the ones with 
i just said i needed it on 
i just said i needed it on saturday for 4 nights? there will be 
i just said i needed it on saturday for 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from clare college at 
ok. can you find me a nice 
yes, i am interested in one located in the city 
please give me a list of 
can you give me the post code for the 
can you give me the post code for the soul tree 
i would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves 
i would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves british food and is 
i'd like it for 
hi, i'm looking for a 
are either of those two 
any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is 
any one will do as long as it has a 
yes, let's book it for 3 nights from 
yes, let's book it for 3 nights from wednesday. there will be 
yes, let's book it for 
i'd prefer something in the 
i'd prefer something in the north, a 
i'd prefer something in the north, a 4 star 
what about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the 
what about a guesthouse with 
can you also help me find an 
i'm sorry, i meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the 
can i get a 
i need a place to stay that is 
i need a place in the center of town, and i would prefer a 
i want to book one of the 
great. can i book the university arms for 2 nights for 4 people starting 
great. can i book the university arms for 2 nights for 
great. can i book the university arms for 
great. can i book the 
can you help me find a hungarian restaurant, also in the 
can you help me find a 
is there and 
i would like 
i would like to book it fro 
i would like to book it fro sunday at 
i am looking for information in cambridge looking for a restaurant in the 
how about an expensive 
how about an 
how about something that serves 
16:30 on 
i would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on 
what museums are there in the 
what 
thanks, that sounds great. can you suggest a 
i am actually looking for a restaurant that serves 
how about 
yes please. there will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on 
yes please. there will be 
yes please. there will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on thursday at 
how about 16:45 on 
how about 16:4
how about 
1
15:45, 18:45, if not is there another italian restaurant that i could get a table for 5 at etiher 
15:45, 18:45, if not is there another 
i need a train that leaves for ely on 
i need a train that leaves for 
i need to arrive in ely before 
i need to arrive in ely before 11:30. i would be leaving from 
i need to arrive in 
yes, i would like to book a train that will arrive in ely before 
yes, i would like to book a train that will arrive in 
i also need a place to stay on the 
do any of them have 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
thank you!! can you also recommend places to go around the 
thank you!! can you also recommend places to go around the centre. my wife is really into 
i need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some 
what about 
book a table for 1 people at 11:15 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 1 people at 
thanks for handling the restaurant booking. i also need a 
can you recommend a good place to go in the 
also looking for a 
can you book a room there for 
can you book a room there for 
i will be staying for 
i want to leave the hotel by 
the 
i'm wanting information about museums in the 
i'm wanting information about 
the 
i'm also looking for a hotel that is 
i'm also looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the 
i'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a 
hmm. what about 
i want to leave the hotel by 
can you recommend some places to go in the 
can you help me find the 
i sure hope so. a friend recommended the 
i will also need a train on 
i need the train to depart from leicester and arrive in cambridge by 
i need the train to depart from 
i need the train to depart from leicester and arrive in 
i am wanting to go to the theatre. are there any in the 
i am wanting to go to the 
the adc 
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 
i don't care about the price, but i would like a place in the 
is el shaddai in the 
i'm so hungry! can you find me a really great 
can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 1 at 
thank you so much! i'm also looking for 
i want to find a place to stay that is a 
i want at least 
no, just anywhere that has room for 
i prefer to stay in a 
sounds good. please book for 
sounds good. please book for 5 people and 
hi, i'm looking for a 
alright. i wanted a 1 star, but i guess i can listen to the 
hmm. what do you what about 
i need it for two nights starting on 
it would be for 
i need some information on a train departing from 
i need a train to 
i need a train to cambridge that leaves 
i want to leave on 
great, thanks. can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. i want something in the 
great, thanks. can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. i want something in the centre of town and 
21 in the moderate price in the 
21 in the 
i'm open to anything, ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on 
i'm open to anything, ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 
i'd like a restaurant in the 
yes could you give me the phone number for the 
i am looking for an upscale 
thanks, i am also looking for somewhere to go in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the 
are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on 
are any of them available for 
are any of them available for 8 people at 
the italian restaurant 
cheap restaurant in the 
i would prefer 
can you find me a hotel in the 
can you find me a 
the 
the ashley 
thanks. coulc you book a room for me, just one person. it will be three nights starting 
ok is the 
i'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting 
i'd like to book it for 
i'd like to book it for 
the restaurant would need to serve 
how about one that serves 
yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either 
yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or 
ok, let's start over. i don't want to cause confusion. i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
ok, let's start over. i don't want to cause confusion. i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves 
ok, let's start over. i don't want to cause confusion. i am looking for a 
how about a restaurant that serves british food in the 
how about a restaurant that serves 
wednesday, for 
wednesday, for 2 people. at 
how about 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
i don't care about the price range. i do want to be in the 
how about something in the 
i'll arrive on 
i need train schedule information for 
departing from cambridge and arrive by 
departing from 
i need to go to 
i am also looking for a 
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be an 
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be an expensive 
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be an expensive 4 star 
the huntingdon marriott hotel sounds really nice. could you book us a room there for 2 nights on 
the huntingdon marriott hotel sounds really nice. could you book us a room there for 
the 
the huntingdon marriott 
are any of them a guesthouse in the 
are any of them a 
yes, i would like 
yes, i would like british food in the 
thank you! i would like to stay in the 
i definitely need free wifi, and i'd like a 
i am looking for a 
i need a cinema in the 
what about a pool in the 
thank you, i also need a taxi to communte between the two places. i'll need to leave the 
thank you, i also need a taxi to communte between the two places. i'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 
that sounds perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? i'd like a 
that sounds perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a 
yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes please make me a booking for 
yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 
yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the 
sure, let's try 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for wednesday? there will be 
that sounds great! could you book a table there for wednesday? there will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 
i also need a train to 
yes, on 
i prefer to depart after 16:45. just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 
i want to find a 
i want to find a german restaurant please that's in the 
perhaps there is one that serves 
the kohinoor sounds good. could you book a table for 
it's for around 12:45 on 
it's for around 1
it's for around 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 
thanks, could you book 
hello, i would like information on 
sorry, also, i need information on the 
a train depart from cambridge and arrive by 
a train depart from 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on thursday and am heading to 
i'd like to leave before 
no, i'll look it up later and do it myself. but could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city 
no, i'll look it up later and do it myself. but could you tell me if there are any 
sounds great. can you please book that for me for 
sounds great. can you please book that for me for tuesday for 
sounds great. can you please book that for me for tuesday for 
i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is 
i would really like to try some 
no, if you could just book me into one for 
i need if for four, 13:30, 
i need if for four, 
can you help me find a place to stay? i'm looking for somewhere in the 
we would like it to be in the 
yes, sounds get. i need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting 
yes, sounds get. i need to get a room for just myself for 
yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves 
it doesn't matter. you can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is 
i would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 
please find a park in the 
please find a 
thanks. i also need an expensive restaurant. do you know of any 
thanks. i also need an 
i'd like to leave at 
we would like to eat some 
if the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive i would like to look instead for 
if the price range is 
i'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for 
i could use some help finding a train to get me to leicester on 
i could use some help finding a train to get me to 
i want it to arrive by 
just to confirm tr5465 departs 
just to confirm tr5465 departs cambridge and arrives in 
i'm looking for places to stay that has 
what is good in the 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for asian oriental food in 
yes. could you provide the address and phone number for 
i also need a train leaving peterborough on 
i also need a train leaving 
yes, i would like to leave after 
can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? can it also arrive before 
does it leave on 
i would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the 
i would like a 4 star 
i would like a 
i would like a 4 star moderately priced 
are there any trains arriving by 
are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on 
i need to go to broxbourne, i'll be leaving 
i need to go to 
i said 
yes please book for 8 people. i need the reference number. also, i want information on a restaurant called 
can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the 
can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with 
can you help me find a 
thanks. now i think you could help me with an expensive 
thanks. now i think you could help me with an 
sounds good. can you book a reservation for 
sounds good. can you book a reservation for tuesday at 
um i meant 
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. it should serve 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i was really hoping for 
how about 
are they all listed as 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves 
are there ant 
how about 
i want a cheap restaurant in the 
i want a 
any trains leaving after 
i would like to travel to the stansted airport and leave from 
i would like to travel to the 
we will be leaving on 
please list all restaurants in cambridge 
please list all restaurants in cambridge centre in the 
possibly italian if that's available for 3 people on 
possibly italian if that's available for 
possibly italian if that's available for 3 people on thursday at 
possibly 
let's go with pizza express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on 
let's go with pizza express, can you book for 
let's go with pizza express, can you book for 3 at 
let's go with 
i'm travelling from 
i need to arrive by 
i want to get there 
hello. could you find a train leaving on wednesday for me? i need it to arrive by 
hello. could you find a train leaving on 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge to go to 
sounds good. could you find me a 
hi. i'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the 
hi. i'm looking for some 
is 
is cityrooms 
okay, how about one in the 
i am also looking for 
i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i'm leaving cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on 
i'm leaving 
i need to depart for 
yes i would like to book for 
that would be great thank you. i am also looking for halal food located in the 
that would be great thank you. i am also looking for 
can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the 
can you give me alternate 
yes, please tell me about 
i would like to try 
i would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on 
i would like the reservation for 1
i would like the reservation for 
what is its rating. i need a 
yes i need a room booked for 8 people. we will be there for 3 nights starting on 
yes i need a room booked for 
yes i need a room booked for 8 people. we will be there for 
i need to find a place to eat in the 
i am in the mood for 
i'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star 
definitely! there will be 6 of us, arriving 
definitely! there will be 
definitely! there will be 
great. can you also get me a taxi to take me from 
great. can you also get me a taxi to take me from ali baba to 
great. can you also get me a taxi to take me from ali baba to el shaddai. i want to leave the restaurant by 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves 
are there any 
i want a place to eat in the 
i have a taste for something 
i want the most 
travellers rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on 
travellers rest sounds good please make a booking for 
travellers rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 
i also need a train. leaving cambridge on 
i also need a train. leaving 
i want to go to 
i would like to get there by 
just book one that will get me to stevenage by 
just book one that will get me to stevenage by 
just book one that will get me to 
what is there to do in the 
possibly a 
thanks! i also need some help finding a hotel on the 
thanks! i also need some help finding a 
i am looking for a train from 
i am looking for a train from stevenage for a trip to 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday after 
yes i would. there are 
for the train, no. and i made a mistake. i only need a booking for 
i also need a place to dine. i'm looking for something cheap in the 
i also need a place to dine. i'm looking for something 
please book 
actually, i'll take care of the reservation. can i just get the phone number and address for 
please find me a 
are there any 
could i have the area, address, and phone number of the 
i am looking for a hotel that is in the 
i am looking for a 
any area should be fine. the 
it sounds 
i want to leave 
i want to leave man on the moon at 24:30 and go to the 
i want to leave man on the moon at 
i want to learn about attractions in the 
surprise me :) i need the address, postcode and the entrance fee. i also need a 
surprise me :) i need the address, postcode and the entrance fee. i also need a vegetarian restaurant with a 
i don't mind where it is as long as they have 
could you look for an 
i'm going to need to leave the museum by 
i need a train to 
i need a train to cambridge that leaves after 
i'll be departing from kings lynn on 
i'll be departing from 
no, thanks. i also need a room in the 
as long as it is 2-star rated and 
as long as it is 
yes, please book the ashley for 2 people and 2 nights starting 
yes, please book the ashley for 
yes, please book the ashley for 
yes, please book the 
yes, please book the ashley for 
i was hoping to dine at a 
is that in the 
is that in the centre area? if so i'd like a reservation for 7 on 
is that in the centre area? if so i'd like a reservation for 
can you reserve a table for 
can you reserve a table for friday for 
can you reserve a table for friday for 7 people at 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave after 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and need to get to 
i'm looking for a 
i am not sure what day, i am just researching now. i would like to have a 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 
yes, i need a train to peterbourough on 
i'm looking for a hotel called the 
i'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on 
i'm hoping to book a room for 
i'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on friday. we will be in town for 
yes, i need a train that leaves after 
i am departing 
i am departing cambridge and going to 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
hi, can you give me information on trains? i need to leave from london liverpool street on 
hi, can you give me information on trains? i need to leave from 
hi, can you give me information on trains? i need to leave from london liverpool street on sunday, heading to 
can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at cambridge by 
can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at 
yes please. i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
yes please. i am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. i would like it to be an 
i don't have a preference, but i'd like to book the same day for 2 people at 
on 
i need a train from 
i need a train from peterborough going to 
i'd like to leave after 11:45 on 
i'd like to leave after 
that sounds great. can you please book 
thank you. yes, i do need a place to dine. i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
thank you. yes, i do need a place to dine. i would like an 
i'm looking for this restaurant called 
i need a 
i need a 3 star 
i need a place to stay and i want it to be a 
i like the 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for thursday for 2 nights and 
yes, please book for thursday for 
thank you. can you also help me find a restaurant that is 
mexican sounds good. please book it for the same day --
mexican sounds good. please book it for the same day --thursday and for the same three people at 17:
mexican sounds good. please book it for the same day --thursday and for the same three people at 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
yes, i'd really like to stay on the 
thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on 
thank you, can you book me for 
can you help me find a place to stay that is 
yes, i would prefer it to be in the 
a 
can you book a room at the ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on 
can you book a room at the ashley for me? 
can you book a room at the ashley for me? 
can you book a room at the 
great i also need a train going to cambridge on 
i just want to get there by 
i'm leaving from 
i need to know if any trains are running to broxbourne on saturday that arrive by 
i need to know if any trains are running to broxbourne on 
i need to know if any trains are running to 
great can you get me 
i also need to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 
i also need to find a 
ok great, i need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the 
ok great, i need a room booked for 
ok great, i need a room booked for 8 and for 
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. i need a room 
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. i need a room monday for 5 nights and 
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. i need a room monday for 
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 4 star 
i am looking for an attraction in the 
yes, please find any museums in the town 
yes, please find any 
i need the postcode. also, is there any place in town serving 
i am also interested in a moderately priced place i can get 
i am also interested in a 
are there any places that serve 
sure! for 5 people at 13:45 on 
sure! for 
sure! for 5 people at 
sure, would 12:4
sure, would 
i would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 
i'm looking for a pleasant 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the north. i would also like the 
thanks. i could also use some help finding out about a train going into 
day of travel is tuesday and departure city is ely and to arrive by 
day of travel is 
day of travel is tuesday and departure city is 
tell me a good 
yes. i would like an 
yes. i would like a 
i actually need a place serving 
yes, please book at table for 4 at 19:15 on 
yes, please book at table for 
yes, please book at table for 4 at 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 3 star 
the hotel should be in the 
the 
i do, yes. i would like to stay in the center of town. i need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting 
i do, yes. i would like to stay in the center of town. i need it to fit five people, for 
i do, yes. i would like to stay in the center of town. i need it to fit five people, for 
what about the 
what about the 4 star 
can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on 
can we book the other 
can we book the other expensive 
can we book the other expensive 3 star 
yes, i also need a train leaving after 
yes, i also need a train leaving after 18:
same day as my 
great! i will need 
i need a train departing cambridge that will arrive by 
i need a train departing 
i am going to norwich and i want to leave on 
i am going to 
okay, can you please make a booking for 
no, but an expensive 
no, but an 
i've heard great things about la mimosa. can you book a table for all of us at 
i've heard great things about 
thank you! can you also help me find a 
i'd like a 
i would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending 
i would like to book the hotel for 
i would like to book the 
please book the hotel for 8 people starting on 
please book the hotel for 
please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 
please book the 
i want to leave by 
i want a train that leaves on 
i'm going to 
i need to make sure that i will arrive by 
great. i'm also looking for information on the 
yes, please! i'd like a table for 
yes, please! i'd like a table for 1 at 
is there a train i can take to 
is there a train i can take to cambridge that leaves after 
i'm departing from 
also looking for a guesthouse in the 
also looking for a 
could you go ahead and book me the 
i am not looking to book just yet, actually. just please find information on guesthouse in the 
i am not looking to book just yet, actually. just please find information on 
it needs 
indeed i do. i'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the 
indeed i do. i'd like a hotel in the 
indeed i do. i'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. the hotel should have a 
so that's a 
i am looking for a 
thanks. now i just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the 
thanks. now i just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the huntingdon marriott and take me to 
thanks. now i just need a taxi to pick me up at 
i'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
there will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from 
there will be 
there will be 5 people for a total of 
i want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve australian food in the 
i want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve 
what about an expensive restaurant in the 
what about an 
i'd be interested in any serving 
sounds great. please book me a table for 
sounds great. please book me a table for wednesday at 16:00 for 
sounds great. please book me a table for wednesday at 
are there good 
i need it to have free wifi and priced 
i want the 
are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting 
are any options able to accommodate 
are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 
yes please. what do you have in the same area as the 
thanks. can you book me a taxi to take me from acorn guesthouse to the riverboat georgina by 
thanks. can you book me a taxi to take me from 
thanks. can you book me a taxi to take me from acorn guesthouse to the 
i am looking for a hotel call 
i would like to book it for 
i would like to book it for 
i want to check in on 
yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the 
yes, i am looking for 
that's okay, give me the number for the 
i will need to be picked up at the hotel by 
are there any 
are there any british restaurant that serve 
could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on 
could you book a table for 
could you book a table for 8 at 
thank you. could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on 
thank you. could you book a table for 
thank you. could you book a table for 8 on 
i am looking for a place to stay. is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. is there a 
the price range does not matter. it needs to be a guesthouse and located in the 
the price range does not matter. it needs to be a 
there'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on 
there'll be 
we will be staying 2 nights starting on 
oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel leaving at 
it is called 
thanks, that is all i need on the hotel but can i book a train from cambridge to stevenage, i need to arrive by 
thanks, that is all i need on the hotel but can i book a train from 
thanks, that is all i need on the hotel but can i book a train from cambridge to 
thanks, that is all i need on the hotel but can i book a train from cambridge to stevenage, i need to arrive by 20:45 and leave at 
i would like to leave on 
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for an 
yes, how about 
i'm looking for a place to stay, i would prefer a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay, i would prefer a 
i would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
i would like it for 
i would like it for 2 people and 
can you also find an attraction called 
where do i get info on 
a hotel that has free parking and in the 
a hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. i would like one in the 
a 
yes please book the the ashley hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes please book the the ashley hotel for 
yes please book the the ashley hotel for 7 people and 
yes please book the the 
yes please book the the ashley 
i would also like to find a 
what is there to do or see for 
what is in the 
if there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a 
thanks. i also need help with lodging in the 
do you happen to have any 
yes please find me a guesthouse in the 
yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the 
yes please find me a 
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 
saturday or 
i would prefer 
thanks. i will also need a taxi from 
thanks. i will also need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the 
i'd like to leave the church by 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
can you tell me about any german restaurants in the 
can you tell me about any 
yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the 
expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 
how about huntingdon marriott hotel? i need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on 
how about huntingdon marriott hotel? i need a reservation for 
hi there, i'm trying to find a train that leaves from 
hi there, i'm trying to find a train that leaves from leicester but it must be 
no thank you. that's not necessary. can you help me find an indian restaurant in the 
no thank you. that's not necessary. can you help me find an 
i need a train from leicester on 
i need a train from 
i need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave 
do you have any suggestions on a place in the 
do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. i would like it to be 
what price range is the 
yes a four star hotel that is 
yes a four star 
is that a 
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the 
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the north that's 
our stay will start on 
our stay will start on tuesday for 4 nights. our party includes 
our stay will start on tuesday for 
our stay will start on tuesday for 
i am looking for the 
could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
could you check to see if they have booking for 
could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 
yes,please try 
i'm looking for unusual food. and i want a place in the 
i'll take something that is 
is that 
okay, that sounds good. i need to make a reservation for 2 people on 
okay, that sounds good. i need to make a reservation for 
how about 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant that is 
i'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on 
i'd like to make reservations for 
i'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 
thanks, i'm also looking for a train for 
i'll be coming from 
can you find a room available at a 
can you find a room available at a 4 star 
i would prefer the expensive hotel. please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on 
i would prefer the expensive hotel. please book it for 
i would prefer the expensive hotel. please book it for 
i would prefer the 
i would prefer the expensive 
no, i'd like to keep looking for an 
no, i'd like to keep looking for an expensive 
i am looking for a place called 
i'm also looking for a restaurant. do you have anything cheap that serves 
i'm also looking for a restaurant. do you have anything 
can you suggest one thats in the 
i would need a taxi to travel to 
i want to leave 
i want to leave royal spice by 
can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 
can you help me find a train going to 
i will be departing 
yes for 
yes for 2 people on a 
thanks so much. can you also help me look for the 
yes please. two nights from 
i need a room for the same group of people for 
i would like a 
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from 
that sounds nice but will you book it for 
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
i should have mentioned i am looking for a restaurant in the 
yes, please book that restaurant for me. it'll be 7 people on 
yes, please book that restaurant for me. it'll be 
yes, please book that restaurant for me. it'll be 7 people on wednesday at 
thanks for trying. let's do 
i will be going to cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the 
actually are any of them 
i am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the 
i need to catch a train in broxbourne on 
i need to catch a train in 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
thank you i also would like a place to eat in the 
thank you i also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves 
how about one that serves 
i would like to book at varsity for 
i would like to book at varsity for 5 people around 
i would like to dine at a restaurant serving indian food on the 
i would like to dine at a restaurant serving 
great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on 
great, can you book me for 
great, can you book me for 5 people at 
i also need to travel by train to norwich, some time on 
i need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the 
i need help finding a place to eat that is 
i would like an 
yes, please, i would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on 
yes, please, i would like a reservation for 
yes, please, i would like a reservation for 4 people at 
are there any other restaurants in the same area in the 
4 people at 13:45 on 
4 people at 
i'm looking for a place called 
yes, i would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 19:30 this 
yes, i would like to make a reservation for 
yes, i would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 
i was hoping to find a hotel that is 
i don't care, just as long as it's in the 
oh, i really prefer a hotel. maybe you could find someplace that is 
oh, i really prefer a 
yes book it for 
yes book it for saturday. 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the 
i'm open to anything. i need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on 
i'm open to anything. i need a booking for 
i'm open to anything. i need a booking for 5 people at 
thank you very much, yes, i also need to book a train ticket. i'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:4
i'll be leaving from 
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in the 
a 
i'm sorry. can you try a guesthouse? still 
i'm sorry. can you try a 
perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on 
perfect, please book that for 
perfect, please book that for 1 person, 
i am looking for a 
actually, i wanted to stay in the 
are there any 
i want want to leave the hotel by 
i am searching for a 
i don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the 
yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. we'll be arriving on 
yes, find me some place that 
yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 
hey, any 
i am also looking for information on the 
i would like to book it for 3 nights starting 
i would like to book it for 3 nights starting sunday. for 
i would like to book it for 
hi, can you help me find a place to stay? i'd like a hotel on the 
i would like to book a room for 3 days starting 
i would like to book a room for 
i would like to book a room for 
can you try for just 
i am looking for a 
yes, please give me the one 
i am looking for a german restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
how about 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like to stay in the 
yes. i would like to book for 
yes. i would like to book for tuesday for 3 nights for 
yes. i would like to book for tuesday for 
i am also looking for the restaurant "the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in 
i'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with 
can i get the address and phone number of the 
i'm looking for attractions in the category of 
tell me about the ones in the 
tell me about the ones in the west. and can i get the address for 
yes, it's going to be one of the college...i need a suggestion for that. i need to leave the attraction by 
sure, that sounds great. i just need that taxi to take me from 
i want to get to the college by 
i want to get to the college by 
i want to get to the college by 0
thank you! can you help me find a train to 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge on monday at 
i need the train to arrive by 
yes book that for 
i am now looking to dine at 
hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the 
yes, are there any 
how about something in the 
that sounds great! can you see if you can get me a room starting 
that sounds great! can you see if you can get me a room starting friday? we'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 
that sounds great! can you see if you can get me a room starting friday? we'll be staying 
i need a train leaving on 
i need a train leaving on monday after 
yes, i need to travel from 
yes, i need to travel from kings lynn to 
that would be great can you get me 
i would also need a place to stay in a 
can you book it for the same people for 
i am looking for a museum on the 
i am looking for a 
thank you, can't wait to go! can you help me with one more thing? i need to find a guesthouse for us in the 
thank you, can't wait to go! can you help me with one more thing? i need to find a 
please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from 
please book for 
please book for 8 people for 
awsome! i also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. i'd like to leave by 
can you give me information on a particular attraction, called 
i want to also eat 
i want to also eat indian food. what 
great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on 
great. could you make a reservation for 
great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the 
i would like to try 
i'm looking for a place to stay that has 
i'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a 
i would like to book it for 3 nights starting 
i would like to book it for 
yeah, my wife and kids are demanding 
yeah, my wife and kids are demanding spanish food. can we keep it on the 
we are also looking to visit a local 
i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the 
sure. i'd like to find something in the area of 
ok. what is the phone number for 
can you find me an 
can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 
i need to book a train to cambridge on 
i need to book a train to 
i'm leaving on 
i'm leaving on wednesday from 
i would like to leave after 
that's all the information, about the train, that i need right now. can you help me find a restaurant that serves 
let's go for tandoori palace. i need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on 
let's go for tandoori palace. i need a reservation for 
let's go for tandoori palace. i need a reservation for 2 people at 
let's go for 
was it booked for 
i'm needing a place to dine. it needs to be an expensive 
i'm needing a place to dine. it needs to be an 
all right, i'll try that. i need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on 
all right, i'll try that. i need a reservation for a party of 
all right, i'll try that. i need a reservation for a party of 5 at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the 
i would like 
i'm hoping to find a restaurant in the 
i'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves 
what is the price range? it needs to be 
i'd like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on 
i'd like a table for 
i'd like a table for 3 people at 
yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate 
yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving 
in the 
in the east and must be a 
yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from 
yes please for 
yes please for 2 people for 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
definitely 
hi, i am looking for a hotel to stay in in 
the hotel in question ideally would be in the 
if there are 
there will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting 
there will be 
there will be 3 guests for 
yes, i also need a train to 
i would like to depart from cambridge on 
i would like to depart from 
yes please, for the same 
i'm looking for a 
i would like it to be in the 
that sounds like it will work. can i book that for 3 nights starting 
that sounds like it will work. can i book that for 
that sounds like it will work. can i book that for 
let's try a 
no i'm not too picky. you can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on 
no i'm not too picky. you can just select one for me and then please book a table for 
no i'm not too picky. you can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at 
i am looking for a restaurant with 
how about 
i would like to visit some 
could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for 
could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for churchill 
yes please. i need a place to crash. i'm thinking a 
yes please. i need a place to crash. i'm thinking a 4 star 
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the 
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the west and 
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 
place to stay a 
ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. i'll need it from 
ok, let's get rooms for 
ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 
yes, i need a train on 
yes, i need a train on tuesday going to 
the train should arrive by 
i'm looking for a train for my trip to cambridge. i need it to leave on 
i'm looking for a train for my trip to cambridge. i need it to leave on monday and to depart from 
i'm looking for a train for my trip to 
i want to arrive at or a little before 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
i need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on 
i need it for one person, 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i am looking for a 
i'm sorry, i just thought of a restaurant i had forgotten about. i would like to dine at a particular restaurant called 
oh perfect! can i have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on 
oh perfect! can i have a table for 
oh perfect! can i have a table for 8 people at 
i want one that gets there by 
i am looking for 
yes. do you know what their entrance fee is? also, i need some help finding an italian restaurant in the 
yes. do you know what their entrance fee is? also, i need some help finding an 
yes please. i would like the reservation for 
yes please. i would like the reservation for thursday at 15:00 for 
yes please. i would like the reservation for thursday at 
i also need a taxi to travel between 
i need to take a train from 
i need to take a train from cambridge to 
i need to take a train from cambridge to london kings cross, it would need to be after 
on 
on friday after 
thanks! can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the 
thanks! can you also see if there are any 
thanks! can you also see if there are any expensive, 
thanks! can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star 
can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 
i need a 
what about an 
what about an expensive, 
what about an expensive, 4 star 
i guess the 
i guess the centre. can you reserve 2 nights starting 
i guess the centre. can you reserve 2 nights starting saturday? there are 
i guess the centre. can you reserve 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, moderate price for a 
i don't really have a preference for area. but i would like it to be a 
i need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting 
i need it for 
i need it for 7 people. 
how about the 
how about the ashley 
i am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on 
i am staying in the 
i need a 
i need a 3 star 
i am looking for a train that leaves cambridge going to leicester arriving by 
i am looking for a train that leaves 
i am looking for a train that leaves cambridge going to 
yes, i'd like to leave on 
yes, i'd like to leave on monday, going to 
yes, i'd like to leave on monday, going to cambridge from 
okay, i also need a chinese restaurant in the 
okay, i also need a 
yes, a table for 
yes, a table for 1 at 
yes, i definitely want a 
the area doesn't matter as long as i can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting 
the area doesn't matter as long as i can book it for 
the area doesn't matter as long as i can book it for 8 people for 
i am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting 
i am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 
i am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 
well i suppose i should choose a restaurant first. do you know of a seafood restaurant on the 
well i suppose i should choose a restaurant first. do you know of a 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serve italian food and book a table for everybody at 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serve 
no, i need the same time. are there other italian restaruants on the 
no, i need the same time. are there other 
can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on 
can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 
can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 
can you please try to make a reservation at the 
can you help me book a taxi from rosa's b&b to the restaurant that will get me there by 
can you help me book a taxi from 
i would like the 
no, i would like to dine in the 
no, i would like to dine in the north, but can you search for 
please book a table for 7 people, for 19:45, this 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 7 people, for 
i am also looking for a particular hotel called 
i am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the 
i am looking for attractions of 
thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in 
i wanted traditional food. if that's not available i'll try 
i'm sorry, i said italian but i really wanted 
i would love to find a good british place in the 
i would love to find a good 
i'd like one in the 
please make a booking for 7 people at 18:15 on 
please make a booking for 
please make a booking for 7 people at 
can you recommend a good restaurant in the 
can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
how about 
tell me the address of the 
i am looking for a place that serves 
please provide me with the address and phone number to 
i am looking for a cheap 
i am looking for a 
how about an 
the area doesn't matter to me. it just has to be 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 1 person on tuesday at 
thanks i also need a 
actually, i do need the hotel to be in the north. i'd also like it to be 
yes, please! i need a room there. same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 
no, from 
yes, i'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in a 
yes, i'm looking for a 
yes, i'm looking for a 3-star 
can you tell me the name of the one that is in the 
not right now. can you help me find something to do in the 
no thank you. i just wanted to know what things there were to do. visiting a a 
i'm looking for a place to stay. a 
thanks! i've also heard great things about a restaurant called 
that sounds perfect. can you book me a table there for 3 at 14:45 on 
that sounds perfect. can you book me a table there for 
that sounds perfect. can you book me a table there for 3 at 
i'm trying to find an 
i'm trying to find an irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining. i expect this to be 
any 
can you recommend me one that's expensive? and book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on 
can you recommend me one that's expensive? and book the table for 
can you recommend me one that's expensive? and book the table for 6 people at 
can you let me know if cambridge has any restaurants that serve 
can you let me know if cambridge has any restaurants that serve australian cuisine and are priced 
not even in the 
sure, let's try 
thanks. i also need to get a 
i need to find an entertainment place in the 
i need to find an 
is there a 
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
yes, for seven people. we want to check in on 
hello! i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
hello! i'm looking for a 
well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try 
i need a table for 7 people at 17:45 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 7 people at 
i need a place to go in the 
are there any 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on 
i am traveling from 
i am traveling from kings lynn to 
arrive by 
yes please book for 
yes, i am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's 
yes, i am also looking for a 
yes, i am also looking for a 3 star 
i'm looking for some places that serve 
are these places in the 
well i really need something on the 
well i really need something on the west side. what about moderately priced 
well i really need something on the west side. what about 
sure. can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on 
sure. can you book a table for 
sure. can you book a table for 2 people at 
can you also help me find an attraction called 
yeah, and i would also like a taxi to get to the meghna from the tenpin by the reservation time, 
yeah, and i would also like a taxi to get to the meghna from the 
yeah, and i would also like a taxi to get to the 
i just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 
while in cambridge i need a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves 
while in cambridge i need a restaurant that is 
ok, can you find me a place to stay? with a 3-star rating, free wifi, and a 
which one is in the 
the attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of 
yes, i'd like to find a good restaurant please. i'm in the mood for 
i want to leave the attraction by 
please book dinner reservations for five people on 
please book dinner reservations for five people on saturday at the 
really? i need at table at 14:00 
really? i need at table at 1
really? i need at table at 
what about a booking for 
can you book 
sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for 
thanks. i'm also looking for an 
thanks. i'm also looking for an expensive 
either is fine as long as it has free parking and 
i am looking for information on the 
i need a reservation at the warkworth house for 4 nights. just one person, starting on 
i need a reservation at the warkworth house for 
i need a reservation at the 
on saturday i need a train that will arrive by 
on 
i will be leaving from 
yes i'm sure. i need to book that for 
i want a train departing from cambridge, going to ely. saturday, arrival by 
i want a train departing from cambridge, going to ely. 
i want a train departing from 
i want a train departing from cambridge, going to 
that's a good time. please book tr7349 for 
i am also looking for a place to stay that is 
i am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 
yes, i need a guesthouse in the 
yes, i need a 
i'm looking to go to cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the 
i'm looking to go to cambridge and need an 
thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on 
thanks! please make a reservation for 
thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 
great, thanks! can you help me with train schedules too? i need to travel on the same day from 
does that train head to 
yes please. book it for 
yes please. book it for saturday for 
i would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the 
i would like to dine at a 
i would like 
how about 
yes, that would be great. my party will consist of 7 people and i would like to book for 12:45 on 
yes, that would be great. my party will consist of 
yes, that would be great. my party will consist of 7 people and i would like to book for 
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on 
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on friday going to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 18:45 on 
i am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers 
i am wanting an 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in cambridge that serves 
i am looking for an 
is there anything tuscan in the 
is there anything 
how about 
thanks for the restaurant, i also need to take train departing from leicester that will arrive by 
thanks for the restaurant, i also need to take train departing from 
i want to leave on 
i am headed into cambridge from 
i am headed into 
arrive by 
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on 
i also need the name and number for an 
yes expensive 
yes 
for 2 peopl at 18:15 on 
for 
for 2 peopl at 
hello! i'm looking for a train that will leave on tuesday and arrive by 
hello! i'm looking for a train that will leave on 
i will be departing 
i will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at 
yes can you book that for 
thanks. i'm also looking for an expensive 
thanks. i'm also looking for an 
i would like more information about the one in the 
my preferred dining time is 1
my preferred dining time is 
yes, could you try and secure a 14:1
yes, could you try and secure a 
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
is it in the 
i'm open to it, and i suppose the 
i'm open to it, and i suppose the centre will do. but i'd prefer the 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 
that's okay, 
yes i am looking for a train that departs from 
yes i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at 
i will be leaving on 
i will be leaving on wednesday after 
yes. please select the first train available after 14:
yes. please select the first train available after 
i don't have a name in mind but the hotel should be in the type of 
i'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 
can you book 
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting 
5 people and we'll be staying there for 
5 people and we'll be staying there for 
i would like the info to the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for something in the 
i woule like to leave the hotel at 
i"m looking for a hotel in the 
i"m looking for a 
is there a 
i don't have a price preference. which 
i will arrive on 
we will be there for 
we will be there for 
can you tell me about nightclubs in the 
can you tell me about 
as i mentioned before, can you tell me about a good 
now i'll need a taxi to pick me up at 15:00 from 
now i'll need a taxi to pick me up at 
i would like to visit a college in the 
i would like to visit a 
yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the 
yes, can you help me locate a 
i want to leave 
i want to leave christ's college by 
i would like to leave cambridge on 
i would like to leave 
i would like to go to 
i would like to arrive by 
i'd like the earliest and need the train id and travel time please. i'm also looking for an expensive 
i'd like the earliest and need the train id and travel time please. i'm also looking for an 
yes, that would be great. can you book me a table for 7 people on 
yes, that would be great. can you book me a table for 
yes, that would be great. can you book me a table for 7 people on sunday at 
i need to find a really 
i need to find a hotel in the 
i need to find a 
yes, can you book that for 
yes, can you book that for friday for 
there will be 
i am also looking for a cheap, 
i am also looking for a 
no, but i do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by 
i was told about a great place to eat called the 
yes, i would like a reservation for 
oh, sorry. 17:15 on 
oh, sorry. 
it should be a 2 star in the 
it should be a 
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of a 
how about a star of 
i need to be picked up at 17:00 from 
i need to be picked up at 
i need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. i have my restaurant reservation, but i still need to find a 2-star hotel in the 
i need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. i have my restaurant reservation, but i still need to find a 
i need the taxi to commute between the 
if there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 
if there isn't a 2 star 
that would be great. can you get me the postcode for the 
yes, could you give me some suggestions on places to go to in the 
oh wait, i was also looking for a particular restaurant, by the name of the 
yes. a table for one on 
yes. a table for one on tuesday at 
yes. a table for one on tuesday at 
could you try something for 
could you try something for 
i'm trying to plan a trip there. i need to find a 
no, i would like an italian place in the 
no, i would like an 
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at ely by 
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on 
i am also looking for a train departing from 
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at 
how long does the train take to get to 
i'm looking for a place to eat, maybe 
hmm i guess i could try 
do they have a table available on 
do they have a table available on friday at 12:1
do they have a table available on friday at 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
yes, please try for 
yes, please try for sunday at 19:00 for 
yes, please try for sunday at 
i am looking for basque food, in the 
i am looking for 
any restaurants in the 
any restaurants in the centre area with an 
caffe uno sounds good. could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on 
caffe uno sounds good. could you book a table for 
caffe uno sounds good. could you book a table for 5 people at 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
no i really wanted an expensive place in centre that serves 
no i really wanted an 
how about 
how about chinese food? still 
i would like a table for 2 at 13:45 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 2 at 
how about on 
how about on wednesday, the same time for 
i'm also needing a train that departs from 
i'm also needing a train that departs from norwich and goes to 
i need the train to arrive by 
can you help find a theatre in the 
can you help find a 
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a star of 
thank you. i also want a 
i would like to stay in the 
i'd like a 4 star in the 
i'd like a 
yes is it a 
i also need a taxi from the 
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the 
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the adc theatre. i want to leave the hotel by 
is there a cheap 
is there a 
how about one serving 
i can stay anywhere but i need the place to be 
okay, book the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting with 
okay, book the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting with sunday. there will be 
okay, book the gonville hotel for 
okay, book the 
yes, i am looking for 
thanks. now i'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 15:15 and take me to 
thanks. now i'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 
hello, i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the 
are any a 
thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the 
there will be 6 of us. we'd like 12:15 on 
there will be 
there will be 6 of us. we'd like 
i'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 
i need a train. the train should depart from cambridge and should leave on 
i need a train. the train should depart from 
norwich and i need to leave after 
thanks. i can look for that one later when i book. i'm also looking for a restaurant called the 
hello, i am looking for a venetian restaurant in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
how about 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
yes for 8 people at 19:00 on 
yes for 
yes for 8 people at 
thank you for the booking. i am also interested in local artists. are there any museums in the 
thank you for the booking. i am also interested in local artists. are there any 
great, do you have any other 
i want an expensive restaurant in the 
i want an 
ok, then. i'll take 
i would like to be in the 
i would like to be in the south and i prefer a 
price does not matter as long as they have 
i need a hotel in the 
it should be a 
yes please. i'll need it booked for 
yes please. i'll need it booked for saturday, for 4 nights, and 
yes please. i'll need it booked for saturday, for 
i am traveling to cambridge and am looking for the restaurant called 
thanks! i also need a train that should leave after 17:45 on 
thanks! i also need a train that should leave after 
i am in 
i am in peterborough and i need to go to 
i would like to visit an attraction the has 
i also would like to find 
i don't care about the price range. will you please book me a table for 3 people at 17:15 on 
i don't care about the price range. will you please book me a table for 
i don't care about the price range. will you please book me a table for 3 people at 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer to stay in the 
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer to stay in the north at a 
neither of those matter, but i would like it to be a 
i'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting 
i'd like to book it for 
i'd like to book it for 4 people and 
yes, i need a train to get me to cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i need to get there by 
i am looking for a train leaving 
i am looking for a train leaving cambridge heading to 
i would like to leave on 
yes. i would prefer to arrive as close to before 
thank you very much, could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for somewhere in the 
that would be great. i'll need it booked for 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
that would be great. i'll need it booked for 
that would be great. i'll need it booked for 1 person for 
i'm looking for a train leaving on 
i'm looking for a train leaving on sunday that is going to 
i want to depart from 
i want to depart from london kings cross after 
yes, i would like a guesthouse with a 
yes, i would like a 
can you help me find and expensive 
can you help me find and 
that would be great. i need a table on 
that would be great. i need a table on sunday at 15:45 for 
that would be great. i need a table on sunday at 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
i would prefer to take a taxi. id like one to pick me up around 
i'm looking for aylesbray lodge guest house. i'll be staying on 
i'm looking for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for wednesday for 
yes, please. can you make a reservation for wednesday for 
i'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the 
i'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 
i'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a 
i also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the 
i also need a place to eat that serves 
i'm looking for a 
now i need to find a restaurant in the 
now i need to find a restaurant in the centre of town that is 
the restaurant should serve 
how about 
i need help with a train to 
i want to leave from birminham new street on 
yes, i need to leave birmingham after 
anytime after 
i would like to make reservations for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a chinese restaurant in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
yes please. for 5 people on 
yes please. for 
yes please. for 5 people on thursday at 
no, but i do prefer a 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like something 
pick one for me. i want to book it for myself on 
pick one for me. i want to book it for myself on friday at 
pick one for me. i want to book it for myself on friday at 
i'll be staying in 
it should be in the 
okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting from 
okay, please book that for 
okay, please book that for 2 people and 
i'm also looking for a museum located in the 
i'm also looking for a 
okay, may i have the phone number of one of the free 
i would like to go to a park in the 
i would like to go to a 
could you get me the phone number to the 
could you get me the phone number to the wandlebury country 
i'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is in the 
i would like a four star 
it'll be 7 people and 3 nights beginning 
it'll be 
it'll be 7 people and 
is there any 
i want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the 
it doesn't matter. i'd like 
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from 
i will be departing on 
i will be departing on thursday in the afternoon and heading to 
i'm sorry, i am actually leaving on 
i'm sorry, i am actually leaving on wednesday and going to 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
i'd like a reservation, please. i'd need it for 
i'd like a reservation, please. i'd need it for monday, 
i'd like a reservation, please. i'd need it for monday, 
thank you. i am also looking for a particular hotel. it's called 
yes, please. just me, same day as the restaurant, and i'll be staying 
am looking for information about 
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a 
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs on 
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs on wednesday from 
i would like to go to 
i would like to go to kings lynn and leave after 
great. i also need a place to stay that is expensive in the 
great. i also need a place to stay that is 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
i'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a 
i like the 
i would like an 
i would like an italian restaurant that is 
im in the 
okay, how about a 
yes please, i'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the 
yes please, i'm looking for a 
i don't, pick the best one. please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
i don't, pick the best one. please book a room for 
i don't, pick the best one. please book a room for 
i don't, pick the best one. please book a room for 
i would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places. i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for an attraction in the 
i need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the 
i need a place to stay that is a 
i would like for it to be in the 
how about a 
how about a moderately priced 
yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting 
yes, let's book it for 
yes, let's book it for 8 people 
i do need a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave 
i do need a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave castle galleries museum by 
i am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip. are there any colleges in the 
i am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip. are there any 
i am also looking for a hotel with a star of 
i am also looking for a 
i would also like it to be a 
sure, could you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting 
sure, could you book it for 
sure, could you book it for 5 people for 
hello, i am looking for a 
i just need it to be in the 
i think i would prefer the 
not at this time. i am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on 
not at this time. i am also looking for a train leaving from 
the train should leave after 
i'm heading to 
yes, i'd like to make the booking for 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the 
hmm... are there any other options available for cheap in the 
hmm... are there any other options available for 
i need to book a train from 
i need to book a train from cambridge to 
i am leaving on tuesday, and would like to arrive by 
i am leaving on 
departure time is flexible, but 
yes. i would like a 
thanks! i need a 
i'm looking for the 
thank you! please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on 
thank you! please book a room for 
thank you! please book a room for 6 people for 
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant called the 
could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at 
have you heard of 
i'm also looking for a 
the hotel should be in the 
that sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? we are checking in 
that sounds great can you book a room for 
i want to know about the 
great! i also need a moderately priced hotel that is in the 
great! i also need a 
are any of them a 
yes, please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 5 people and 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for an 
i am looking for a 
can you look up information for a hotel called 
that sounds perfect. would you please book a room for two starting on 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a cheap 
i do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the 
excellent! i've also heard great things about the 
yes, please book a table at tang chinese for 2 people at 17:30 on 
yes, please book a table at tang chinese for 
yes, please book a table at tang chinese for 2 people at 
yes, please book a table at 
i am visiting in the 
is the arbury lodge moderately priced? if so, i would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on 
is the arbury lodge moderately priced? if so, i would like to book a room for 
is the arbury lodge moderately priced? if so, i would like to book a room for 1 person for 
is the 
is the arbury lodge 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like a place in the 
hi, i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for an 
i would like to try some 
how about 
yes, please. can you reserve me a table for 
yes, please. can you reserve me a table for tuesday for 
yes, please. can you reserve me a table for tuesday for 8 people at 
i would like to find a restaurant in the 
i would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the 
i am looking for an 
i would like to know the address and phone number of 
i want to take a train from 
i want to take a train from stevenage to 
i would like to leave on monday and arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on monday and arrive in 
departure time isn't important as long as i can get there by 
thanks. now can you look up a welsh food restaurant that is expensive and in the 
thanks. now can you look up a 
thanks. now can you look up a welsh food restaurant that is 
oh darn it! how about... maybe korean food? still in the 
oh darn it! how about... maybe 
i would like it on 
i would like it on monday at 
hey! i'm coming into town and i need a guesthouse style of lodging on the 
hey! i'm coming into town and i need a 
not at this time. i'll talk it over with my wife. can you just give me the name of the 
i would like information about the 
can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on 
can you please book a room there for 
can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on wednesday for 
yes i need a train on 
yes i need a train on sunday after 19:00 from 
yes i need a train on sunday after 19:00 from cambridge to 
yes i need a train on sunday after 
i'm looking for some information on a restaurant called 
yes i need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the 
yes, are there any 4-star places that are 
yes, are there any 
great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights? i'll need it from 
great, can you book it for just me for 
i am planning my trip to cambridge and need a train leaving 
i am planning my trip to 
i am planning my trip to cambridge and need a train leaving peterborough after 
that won't work for me. when does the next one leave on 
i need a room. do 
i need a room. do 
i would like a train going to 
i am departing cambridge 
i am departing 
i would like to leave after 
no thanks can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
no thanks can you help me find an 
i have heard of gastropub food but never tried it before. would you have anything like that in the 
i have heard of 
sure can you book a table for 4 at 14:45 on 
sure can you book a table for 
sure can you book a table for 4 at 
yes, i need to book a train to 
i'm departing from kings lynn. i'll need to arrive by 
i'm departing from 
yeah that works. can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
what do you have in the way of guesthouses in the 
what do you have in the way of 
yes i would like it to be 
i think that would be great. may i please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from 
i think that would be great. may i please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from friday for 
i think that would be great. may i please book that guest house for 
can you also look up the 
i need reservations for the same group of people at 
i need reservations for the same group of people at 
i want a place that has 
how about some vietnamese food in the 
how about some 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 16:00 on 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for a party of 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 
i'd like a place to go to in the category of 
that sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. i'll need to arrive by 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from 
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by 
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by 8:30 on 
it should depart 
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at 
i need to depart whichever train gets me to cambridge closest to 
i need to depart whichever train gets me to cambridge closest to 0
i need to depart whichever train gets me to 
nevermind. i'm going to just purchase my ticket at the station. can you check for 
how about one with 
sounds like a plan. can you book me a table for 
it will be for 
it will be for wednesday, 
it will be for wednesday, 6 people at 
can you tell me some info on the 
yes can you book it for 5 people on 
yes can you book it for 
yes can you book it for 5 people on saturday? we need rooms for 
i guess we could shorten it; can you try 
yes i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes, the five of us would like to eat at 17:4
yes, the five of us would like to eat at 
book it for 
i was told about a beautiful college called 
i was told about a beautiful 
yeah, are there any restaurants serving 
yes, that would be great. we will be dining on 
yes, that would be great. we will be dining on saturday at 11:00. it will be 
yes, that would be great. we will be dining on saturday at 
i need a hotel to stay in cambridge that has free parking but may 
i would like it to be a 
perfect, thanks. can you recommend a restaurant in the 
perfect, thanks. can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers 
a 
could you find any restaurant that serves 
what time is the next train from 
i'm craving 
what about a moderately priced 
what about a 
i also need to find a place to go to look at 
i would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a train that leaves sunday and arrives at 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a train that leaves 
i'm planning a trip to 
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves 
that sounds fine. can you book me a table at 10:45 on 
that sounds fine. can you book me a table at 
i only need a booking for a party of 
how about 
i need to find a 
cheap 
yeah, how about a mediterranean restaurant in the 
yeah, how about a 
i would still like 
i also need a place to stay in the 
how about any with 
i would like to leave the hotel by 
price doesn't matter to me, but i'm looking for something in the 
please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from 
please book that for 
please book that for 6 people staying 
thank you. i am also looking for museums to visit on the 
thank you. i am also looking for 
good morning! i need to take a train to cambridge on 
good morning! i need to take a train to 
i'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by 
i'm looking to leave from 
thanks. i am looking for an asian oriental restaurant in the 
thanks. i am looking for an 
i want somewhere fun to go in the 
i'd like it to be expensive and to serve 
i'd like it to be 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the 
i am planning to visit 
i'm leaving from bishops stortford on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from bishops stortford on thursday. i'd like to leave after 
not at this time, thanks. but i would like to look for some hotel information. a friend told me to check out the 
that's ok, i won't have a car with me. can you book the avalon for 3 people for 3 nights, starting 
that's ok, i won't have a car with me. can you book the avalon for 
that's ok, i won't have a car with me. can you book the avalon for 
that's ok, i won't have a car with me. can you book the 
can we try for 1 night instead of 
can we try for 
as long as it is in the 
i would like to book the alexander bed and breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on 
i would like to book the alexander bed and breakfast, for three people and 
i would like to book the 
can you try for 
i'm hoping to leave from the 
i'm hoping to leave from the alexander by 
i'd like to be in the 
i'd like to be in the north, and i need a place with free parking. i'd also like to keep the price to a 
i am looking for a place to eat in cambridge thats is 
i am looking for a place to eat in cambridge thats is indian with 
yes, please book a table for 2 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 2 on sunday at 
i don't really care as long as i get to the restaurant by 
great. i would like a taxi from 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderate priced 
get me one in the 
yes, can you reserve a room for me. there are 7 of us and we want to stay for 4 nights arriving on 
yes, can you reserve a room for me. there are 
yes, can you reserve a room for me. there are 7 of us and we want to stay for 
yes, i am also looking for museums to visit in the 
yes, i am also looking for 
how about an art 
yes i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on 
yes i'm looking for a train to 
i am travelling from peterborough. i would also like to arrive by 
i am travelling from 
book it for 
just as long as it is located in the 
either one works, i need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on 
either one works, i need to book for 
either one works, i need to book for 6 people for 
please find a place to eat that serves korean in the 
please find a place to eat that serves 
really? it should be in the 
i would definitely like some 
are there any 
thanks. may i also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the 
i would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge that is 
i would prefer to stay in the 
that sounds great. could you reserve it for me. i will have 4 people and would like to reserve 4 nights beginning 
that sounds great. could you reserve it for me. i will have 
that sounds great. could you reserve it for me. i will have 
any night club is fine as long as it's in the 
i was really hoping for something in the 
i am looking for places to go in the 
reservation for 3 at 13:00 on 
reservation for 
reservation for 3 at 
reservation for 3 at 13:00 on saturday at the 
at the church going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
yes if it has free parking, meals, pool and wifi. i want it to be in the 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
i am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 2 star rating, and in the 
i am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 
sounds good. can you book it for four nights starting on 
can we try it for 
yes. i need a train from 
yes. i need a train from ely to 
i need to be in cambridge by 
i need to be in 
i would like to leave on 
i am wanting to find an attraction called 
i'm in the mood for some 
i would prefer 
can you double check for modern european food, 
can you double check for 
can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the 
sounds tasty. can you get me a reservation for 
thank you. i will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by 
i need a place to stay in the 
thank you. can you also find a an attraction called 
can you tell me about the entertainment type attractions in the 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
yes please, for 4 nights starting 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i don't need to book it. i need a 3 star in the 
i don't need to book it. i need a 
can you find something in the 
either one is fine. i want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
either one is fine. i want it for 
either one is fine. i want it for 6 people for 
thank you. yes, i think i'll be traveling by train 
yes the train should go to cambridge and should leave after 
i am looking for a zero star 
is it a mid-budget hotel? i'm also looking for a hotel that's located near the 
is it a mid-budget 
no, thanks. i will need a train to 
i would like to depart on friday from cambridge. i'd like to arrive at bishops stratford by 
i would like to depart on 
i would like to depart on friday from 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm in the mood for some 
well let's try another type of food that is 
could you help me find a 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave club salsa by 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i'll take something 
i am looking for information on the 
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on 
7 people are staying for 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
is siagon city in the 
are there any expensive places to eat in the 
are there any 
i was really looking for a 
are there any restaurants that serve 
please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the 
please help me find a restaurant that serves 
i like to play sports. are there any facilities for that in the 
in the 
how about at a 
you know, actually i just remembered a place someone told me about. it's called pembroke college. is that in the 
you know, actually i just remembered a place someone told me about. it's called 
you know, actually i just remembered a place someone told me about. it's called pembroke 
the 
ok, well what about a college in the 
ok, well what about a 
what is the phone number for 
yes, i am looking for a 
i said, 
what about one with 
great, can you please book a table for 1 on 
great, can you please book a table for 
great, can you please book a table for 1 on friday at 
i need to find a train that goes to stevenage and arrives by 
i need to find a train that goes to 
yes, i will be departing from cambridge. i also need to leave on 
yes, i will be departing from 
i would also like to find an 
i would also like to find an expensive 
sure check 
sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 4 nights starting on 
sounds great, can you please book me for 
sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 
so, i need a 
yes, i would like it to be in the 
yes, i would like it to be in the south and in the 
i would like to find an expensive 
i would like to find an 
we are going to be on the 
yes, please. and i could also use some help finding something fun to do in the 
tell me more about the 
oh gosh, i'm so sorry. i must have forgotten that i need the postcode for the 
i need to find a modern european restaurant in the 
i need to find a modern 
yes, please! i'd like a table for 3 on 
yes, please! i'd like a table for 
yes, please! i'd like a table for 3 on monday at 
actually, i do need something else. a train home that leaves 
actually, i do need something else. a train home that leaves cambridge after 
i need to go to bishops stortford on 
i need to go to 
that's perfect. can you make a reservation for 
i am looking for a train from 
i am looking for a train from kings lynn to 
i am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. it should leave after 
i'll need to leave on 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the city 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. can you tell me of a moderately priced 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. can you tell me of a 
is there a moderately priced 
is there a 
i need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 
i'd like something on the 
yes please book it for 6 on 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and i will be staying 
yes. would you check the 
could you try a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay, some place 
i'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 
i need it to be in the 
i'm sorry, i don't actually need a reservation. but can you recommend an expensive 
i'm sorry, i don't actually need a reservation. but can you recommend an 
in the 
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 11:30 on 
in the east, book a table for 
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 
yes please try the 
make a reservation for 3 people at 
i am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the 
i am looking for a 
ok, that's awesome. can you book me a room there for 
ok, that's awesome. can you book me a room there for saturday for 
ok, that's awesome. can you book me a room there for saturday for 8 people and 
i meant 
i want one in the 
yes for 7 at 17:15 on 
yes for 
yes for 7 at 
any area of town would be fine. i am looking for a guesthouse in the 
how about one that is in the type of 
that will work. can i book that for 7 people on 
that will work. can i book that for 
i need to be at restaurant by 
what museum would you recommend in the 
what 
i am also looking for the 
that's ok. i can take care of booking myself. would you know a place in the 
that's ok. i can take care of booking myself. would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for 
i am looking for the address and phone number for the 
perfect, can you make me a reservation for 8 people on 
perfect, can you make me a reservation for 
yes. i need to book a train on 
i would like a train that departs from stevenage and arrives by 
i would like a train that departs from 
can you confirm that this is the train that will arrive by 
i need help finding a 
actually, are any of these 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for 2 nights starting 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for 2 nights starting sunday? there are 
sounds perfect. can you book a room for 
i'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the 
i'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the 
is there anything that serves 
i need a taxi from 
i need a taxi from huntingdon marriott hotel to 
doesn't matter. i just need to leave the restaurant by 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 
not right now. can you help me find a 
not right now. can you help me find a modern european restaurant that is 
sure. book it for 7 people at 11:15 on 
sure. book it for 
sure. book it for 7 people at 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. i want it in the 
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. i want it in the centre of town, in the 
that's great! can you see if one of them serves 
yes, please. book it for 8 people on 
yes, please. book it for 
yes, please. book it for 8 people on saturday 
sure how about a booking at 
i would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 
i would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:30. also could you provide me with the phone number for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 
yeah, could you book me a room for 
i am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the 
i am also looking to visit a 
i need a train that is headed to london kings cross and i need to arrive by 
i need a train that is headed to 
i will be leaving 
i would like to leave at 
thank you! i also need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
thank you! i also need to find a 
sure! it will be 7 people at 16:00 on 
sure! it will be 
sure! it will be 7 people at 
is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves 
yes, that is fine. please make sure it's in the 
how about 
yes i need to go to stansted airport from 
yes i need to go to 
yes i need to go to stansted airport from cambridge on saturday after 
i am looking for a restaurant in the center with a 
i would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like the phone number of a 
i'll be departing from cambridge and should leave on 
i'll be departing from 
i am going to 
i am going to london liverpool street. i'd like to leave after 
need a train to cambridge from 
need a train to 
will that train arrive by 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves german food at the 
can you recommend a 
ok, i need a table for 
ok, i need a table for 2 at 
i'll be leaving leicester on wednesday and i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i'll be leaving leicester on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving leicester on wednesday and i need to arrive in 
yes, please book that train for 
i ned it to be a hotel in the 
yes, i need a train leaving on 
i want to leave 
i want to leave london kings cross and head to 
i would love to arrive by 
that's great! please book for 
i'm also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the center and should be in the 
do you have anything serving 
i would actually like to book a table at the clowns cafe that you mentioned. i need a table for 6 on 
i would actually like to book a table at the clowns cafe that you mentioned. i need a table for 
i would actually like to book a table at the clowns cafe that you mentioned. i need a table for 6 on saturday at 
i would actually like to book a table at the 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 
i'm looking for a train that goes to 
i will be departing from birmingham new street on 
i will be departing from 
please book 
yes please. i need a 
yes please. i need a 3 star 
again, 3 star with free wifi. i don't care about the price. it has to be in the 
again, 
i'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the 
i would actually prefer some cheap 
i would actually prefer some 
ok, maybe we can try the 
i am looking for a 
the 
i'm on a tight budget so i need to find a cheap restaurant that serves 
i'm on a tight budget so i need to find a 
yes. can you reserve one for 
yes. can you reserve one for 4 people at 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from 
i plan to go to 
can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 
yes, i need a 4 star hotel in the 
yes, i need a 
i'm sorry, i actually need a 
how about one in the 
i need to get some information on a restaurant named 
yes for 8 people at 12:30 on 
yes for 
yes for 8 people at 
i'm looking for 
near the museum if possible. i'm looking for a 
i need a room, in the 
no, you can just pick whatever you would recommend. can you book a room for 6 people starting on 
no, you can just pick whatever you would recommend. can you book a room for 
no, you can just pick whatever you would recommend. can you book a room for 6 people starting on saturday for 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
no preference in area but what is available with a 
can you try a 
i'm looking for places to go in town. i'd like to visit a 
hi! i'd like to find an expensive 
hi! i'd like to find an 
i'm wanting indian food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the 
i'm wanting 
thank you. i'd like to book a table for 6 people for 
thank you. i'd like to book a table for 
thank you. i'd like to book a table for 6 people for wednesday at 
can you tell me about the 
yes, i need the guesthouse starting 
yes, i need the guesthouse starting wednesday for 
yes, i need the guesthouse starting wednesday for 6 people and 
oh sure, try for 
i would also like to find a train that will arrive by 
i would also like to find a train that will arrive by 13:45 departing from 
i need to get to kings lynn on 
i need to get to 
yes, i would like to book it for 
hi, i am looking for a indian restaurant on the 
hi, i am looking for a 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a european in the 
i don't mind but i would like the place to be 
no, thanks. i do need some information on 
can i have a taxi, please? i want to leave 
can i have a taxi, please? i want to leave vue cinema at 
we will go from the 
we will go from the vue cinema to the 
we will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. we will leave vue cinema at 
need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have 
need a place to eat with 
what about a 
yes, that area's fine. can you make a reservation for 6 people on 
yes, that area's fine. can you make a reservation for 
yes, that area's fine. can you make a reservation for 6 people on thursday at 
can you try 1
can you try 
i also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross that leaves on friday and arrives at 
i also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross that leaves on 
i also need a train from 
i also need a train from cambridge to 
yes, it would. can you book me 
yes, it would. can you book me 6 tickets for that for 
i want to book a train from 
i want to book a train from stansted airport to 
i will need a train leaving on thursday and arriving in cambridge by 
i will need a train leaving on 
i will need a train leaving on thursday and arriving in 
no, i need a train that leaves on 
i want to stay at 
yes i am looking for a 
i think i would prefer a 
i'm looking for a museum in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the centre are there any 
i would like to stay in the centre are there any expensive 
does that 
hello there. any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the 
hello there. any suggestions on a good 
yes, that will be fine. could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on 
yes, that will be fine. could you make a reservation for 
yes, that will be fine. could you make a reservation for 3 at 
i want to find a place to stay in the 
i should have told you i am specifically looking for a 
can you find a 
book for 3 nights for 3 people starting 
book for 
book for 
yes, if i can get into a hotel in the 
yes, if i can get into a 
yes i need to find a hotel in the 
yes i need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 
yes i need to find a 
can you check again? maybe check a 
yes, please book for for 4 people starting 
yes, please book for for 
yes, please book for for 
yes, please book for for 
i am also looking to eat at the 
i would like to book a table for the same group of people at 
what trains are available going to stevenage on 
what trains are available going to 
yes, from 
yes, from cambridge and it should leave after 
okay, for 
i'd also like a place to dine. i want it to be 
i'd also like a place to dine. i want it to be latin american and 
how about a place that serves 
i think i'll go with 
could you find me a cheap restaurant in the 
could you find me a 
is there one that serves 
rice house sounds interesting, and i need some 
thanks - i am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city 
how about a 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
it doesn't matter. i need to be able to seat 8 people on 
it doesn't matter. i need to be able to seat 
it doesn't matter. i need to be able to seat 8 people on tuesday at 
i need information to find the 
i need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. could you book a room for me for 6 people on 
i need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. could you book a room for me for 
i need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 
i need help finding 
i suppose so. another 
the restaurant is called the 
on 
on thursday at 
i'm not sure. what types of 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
i'm looking for a 
yes, can you please check for a 
may i have the address for 
hello, i would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 
hello, i would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a 
are there any 0 star ratings in the 
are there any 0 star ratings in the west? i'm looking for a 
are there any 
are there any 0 star ratings in the west? i'm looking for a cheap 
i am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. and i want it to be cheap in the 
i am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. and i want it to be 
i am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 
i am wanting either a 
i am sorry. i would not mind one that is in the 
i am sorry. i would not mind one that is in the centre, 
i am sorry. i would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 
can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting tuesday? i need a reference number. looking to get 
is there any 
can you check for an 
i'm looking for a 
then i would like to make a reservation for 6 people for 
then i would like to make a reservation for 
then i would like to make a reservation for 6 people for tuesday at 
i need some information on a train going to 
sunday. sometime after 
i am leaving from 
i also need a guesthouse located in the 
i also need a 
are there any with a star of 
yes info on the 
i need some cheap 
i need some 
i would like the restaurant to be in the 
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 
i actually need a train frist. it needs to arrive by 
i actually need a train frist. it needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross 
i actually need a train frist. it needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from 
i actually need a train frist. it needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from cambridge and arrive at 
no thanks, but i would like to see if there are any persian restaurants in the 
no thanks, but i would like to see if there are any 
do you have anything 
i need one close to 
yes, i would prefer the 
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
it does 
it does 
yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from 
yes, 
yes, 
awesome. are there any good 
yes, i'd like to book the nirala for 
yes, i'd like to book the nirala for wednesday for 
yes, i'd like to book the nirala for wednesday for 3 people at 
yes, i'd like to book the 
i would like to go from the hotel to 
yes, i need a train to cambridge on 
yes, i need a train to 
i would like to leave after 
i'm also looking for a 
definitely a 
yes, 8 people, 3 nights starting 
yes, 
yes, 8 people, 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
i would like one in the 
do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on 
do they have booking available for 
do they have booking available for 7 people at 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the 
i would prefer a 
i would like to stay in the 
can you check the 
sounds good! i also need to find a 
i'm going to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a cinema in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes. i need a restaurant by the name of 
yes for 8 people at 14:15 on a 
yes for 
yes for 8 people at 
no, i wanted to reserve on 
no, i wanted to reserve on saturday at 14:15 for 
no, i wanted to reserve on saturday at 
no, i wanted to reserve on saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the 
yes, i need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to anatolia by 
yes, i need a taxi to pick us up at 
yes, i need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to 
i'd like some information on a restaurant called 
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at 12:45 on 
sure, and could you book a table for 
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at 
i am looking for a train going to cambridge departing from 
i am looking for a train going to 
i would like this train to be on the same day of the restaurant booking and arrive by 
hi, i need help planning a trip to cambridge. i'd like to go to the theatre while i'm in town, and i'll be in the city 
hi, i need help planning a trip to cambridge. i'd like to go to the 
thanks. i also need information about a specific restaurant called 
they serve 
no, that's perfect, but i will need a taxi to go from 
no, that's perfect, but i will need a taxi to go from mumford theatre, leaving by 
i need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the 
i need a place to stay, some place with 
i would like one in the 
yes, tell me if the 
can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the 
no, i want to stay in the same area. how about a 
i also need a taxi. it should leave the hotel by 
i'd like a train leaving after 11:30 from 
i'd like a train leaving after 
i am traveling on 
i am traveling on tuesday and going to 
yes that sounds good can you get me 
thanks! i'm also looking for a hotel named the 
yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, 
yes, 
i need my hotel for 7 people for 5 nights staring from 
i need my hotel for 
i need my hotel for 7 people for 
i need a train that leaves cambridge and arrives by 
i need a train that leaves 
how much would it cost to travel to 
i'm planning on leaving on 
will my train arrive by 
i'm looking for a 
the part of town does not matter but i would like a 
can you confirm that it has a 
i'm looking for 
yes, i need 3 nights for 1 person starting from 
yes, i need 3 nights for 
yes, i need 
yes, i am also looking for places to go on the 
a 
from the hotel to the museum, leaving by 
where can i find the 
i'm looking for restaurant in the 
i'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves 
actually, i don't need one near a hotel. i just need the phone number and address of an 
alright, i want you to book me a taxi from 
alright, i want you to book me a taxi from queen's college to the 
alright, i want you to book me a taxi from queen's college to the eraina. i'll be leaving the college at 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from 
i will be traveling to leicester and would like to arrive before 
i will be traveling to 
i would like to arrive by 
yes but i need that to be booked for 
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a 
i would like a 
i would like a 4-star 
great can you book that for me from 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
it's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the 
excellent. i also need a place to stay. i want a 
sounds like a match, can we book for 3, starting on 
sounds like a match, can we book for 
sounds like a match, can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 
sounds like a match, can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 
hey any ideals for a cheap 
hey any ideals for a 
is that one in the 
sure that sounds good can get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on 
sure that sounds good can get a booking for 
sure that sounds good can get a booking for 6 people at 
thanks. i also need train tickets for 
i'll be travelling from 
i'll be travelling from norwich to 
anytime after 
i need to be in cambridge by 
i need to be in 
i want to visit an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to visit an 
yes, i'm looking for a hotel called 
hi can you suggest a good 
i don't want a restaurant, sorry. i am trying to get the phone number to 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food and is in the 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like to leave by 
i'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige 
i'm looking for some info on a 
yes can i get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes can i get a booking for 
yes can i get a booking for 6 people and 
i'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the 
i'm looking to stay at a 
i'm looking to stay at a 3 star 
are there any moderate priced hotels in the 
are there any 
are there any moderate priced 
i need a 
is the 
is the ashley hotel a 
is the ashley 
i'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the 
yes, need a 
i need to leave the restaurant by 
hi! i am attempting to find a restaurant in cambridge called 
i would like to book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 3 people at 
i am looking for something in the 
i am looking for an 
ok, how about a park in the 
what kind of entertainment are there in 
what kind of 
just find me a 
hello. i'd like a train to 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
can you also help me find a 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves 
can you help me find an 
i am looking for a 
yes. i need a restaurant the is moderate priced with italian food in the 
yes. i need a restaurant the is moderate priced with 
yes. i need a restaurant the is 
yes, that sounds great. make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on 
yes, that sounds great. make a reservation for 
yes, that sounds great. make a reservation for 3 people at 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the 
yes i would like 
no, i'll try the galleria. can you book a table there for 2 at 15:30 on 
no, i'll try the galleria. can you book a table there for 
no, i'll try the galleria. can you book a table there for 2 at 
no, i'll try the 
a 
how about guesthouses with 
how about 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for tuesday for 
how about 
i need a guesthouse with a 
i need a 
no, i don't have a preference. i'd like the 
yes please create a booking for 6 people. it needs to be for 2 nights starting on 
yes please create a booking for 
yes please create a booking for 6 people. it needs to be for 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
yes, please. i will take the phone number and address for nandos in the 
yes, please. i will take the phone number and address for 
yes can you tell me something about 
hi i am looking to get some info on the 
great. book me that for 2 nights starting from 
great. book me that for 
how about 1 night starting from 
how about 
how about 
can you find me a restaurant with a 
i'll just take the first one on the list. can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on 
i'll just take the first one on the list. can you make a reservation for 
i'll just take the first one on the list. can you make a reservation for 6 at 
what are my choices for a 
what are my choices for a moderate 
no particular area, i need a hotel with a 
no particular area, i need a 
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and should serve 
yes, in the 
i would like the restaurant to be in the 
i would like the restaurant to be in the centre and serve 
i would like to make a reservation at 
six people on 
six people on wednesday, at 
i am looking for a hotel called 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 5 nights starting 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 5 nights starting wednesday. there will be 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 5 nights starting wednesday. there will be 
either is fine. i just need the reservation for 
hi, can you help me locate a hotel named 
can you please help me book that hotel for 8 people. we'll be staying for two nights starting on 
can you please help me book that hotel for 
yes i need it for 5 nights from 
yes i need it for 5 nights from tuesday for 
yes i need it for 
i need to find a train from norwich on 
i need to find a train from 
it doesn't matter what time i arrive, but i would like to make sure i leave 
it doesn't matter what time i arrive, but i would like to make sure i leave norwich at or after 
i am also looking for polish food, in the 
i am also looking for 
how about a restaurant that serves 
i would like to book a 
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 2 people at 
yeah, i'd like a place to eat, 
hello, i'd like to stay in a two star 
ok. can you tell me if i can book a room at the 
yes please. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the 
yes please. also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 17:30 this 
yes please. also, can you book the restaurant for 
yes please. also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 
i'd like 
okay how about 
i am also looking for a train. the train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. the train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 
i am also looking for a train. the train should leave on 
i am also looking for a train. the train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. the train should depart from 
i am also looking for a train. the train should leave on sunday and should go to 
that's perfect. can you book for 
i'm leaving from birmingham new street on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm not sure it that option will work for me. i need the train to go to cambridge and arrive by 
i'm not sure it that option will work for me. i need the train to go to 
yes please. i need to book for 
yes. i want to eat at an 
yes, let's try 
yes, please. is there something available for 13:15 on 
yes, please. is there something available for 13:15 on saturday for all 
yes, please. is there something available for 
hi, i am looking to go somewhere that is in the 
how about an architecture attraction? are there any of those in the 
how about an 
can i get the address, phone number and postcode to little st mary? also need 
how about 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an italian restaurant that is 
i would like to book a table there for 6 people at 11:00 on 
i would like to book a table there for 
i would like to book a table there for 6 people at 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an expensive guesthouse with a 
i'm looking for an expensive 
how about a 
i'm sorry, i would prefer an 
i'm sorry, i would prefer an expensive 
how about 
yes, i'm visiting cambridge and want to know about 
i need a 4-star place to stay in the 
i need a 
yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting 
yes, book it for 
yes, book it for 4 people and 
yes, book it for 
how about 
how about 
how about 
i want it 
yes, i would like to book it for 6 people, 4 nights beginning on 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 6 people, 
i am also looking for somewhere fun in the 
hmm i actually have no clue. could you just recommend your favorite attraction in the 
hello, i am looking for a malaysian restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
no, how about a 
i'm looking in the moderate price range and should be located in the 
i'm looking in the 
what is available in the 
lets try a 
no just the postcode and phone number will be fine. i need to find a french restaurant in the 
no just the postcode and phone number will be fine. i need to find a 
i need a 
i am looking for information on the 
yes i am looking for a hotel on the 
yes i am looking for a hotel on the 
i need it to be 
i need it to be moderately priced with a 
are there any with 
let's go with ashley. book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from 
let's go with ashley. book that for 
let's go with ashley. book that for 8 people for 
let's go with 
i'm looking to go someplace in town. maybe for 
that sounds 
i will need a taxi to take me from the 
i want to leave by 
hello, can you recommend a 
i would like a hotel in the 
i am though looking for places to go in the 
thanks for the recommendations. the last thing is i need a taxi between the hotel and 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking to have a little fun at a 
fez club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also i want to go to expensive 
fez club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also i want to go to 
yes, 
that would be perfect can i get a reservation for 12:30 on 
that would be perfect can i get a reservation for 12:
that would be perfect can i get a reservation for 
how about 11:
how about 
i'm looking for attractions in town that are in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a place in the 
hi! could you please help me find a good hotel? i'd like it to be on the 
it would need to be 
i would like for it to be 
can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on 
can you book that for 
can you book that for 5 people for 
i actually need the postcode and phone number for 
thanks. can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? i want to leave by 
yes, i'd like to visit an 
it should be in the 
i am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the 
i am also looking for a 
i'll do the ashley hotel. i need a room for 5 nights starting on 
i'll do the ashley hotel. i need a room for 
i'll do the 
i'll do the ashley 
i need to arrive by 
hi, i want to find out about 
i need a place to stay. i'm looking for a place with 
i'd like an expensive 
wednesday for 3 nights and 
wednesday for 
we live in the 
i would like to stay in a 
i would like to stay in the 
sure, coud you find one in the 
ok great. i need a room for 
ok great. i need a room for 3 people and 
yes! i'm also looking for a 
yes i need a taxi leaving the attraction at 
i am looking for a 
before we continue, can you check if the 
yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 5 people and 
yes please, for 5 people and 
i would like them to serve 
how about 
yes please.book for five, at 1700hrs or 
yes please.book for five, at 
on 
how about 
can you give me some information on the 
book for 1 person 2 nights from 
book for 
book for 1 person 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre. the restaurant should serve 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
yes please. can i get one for 
yes please. can i get one for thursday at 17:00 for 
yes please. can i get one for thursday at 
i need a train that leaves 
i need a train that leaves cambridge at 
i want to go to 
no thank you. i am interested in finding an expensive place to eat in the 
no thank you. i am interested in finding an 
i am looking to book a table for 2 at 12:45 on 
i am looking to book a table for 
i am looking to book a table for 2 at 
i am looking to book a table for 2 at 12:45 on thursday at a 
can you change the booking time to 
i am looking for a 
the area does not matter to me, but i need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this 
the area does not matter to me, but i need accommodations for 
the area does not matter to me, but i need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 
how about a museum in the 
how about a 
yes, may i have the phone numbers to those 
i'm interested in the 
i am also looking for a hotel called the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 3 star 
either one is fine. how about the 
actually my wife says it's better to book it. can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from 
actually my wife says it's better to book it. can you reserve it for 
actually my wife says it's better to book it. can you reserve it for 
where can i find the 
could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on 
could you set up a reservation for 
could you set up a reservation for 2, at 
awesome. now please find me a train from 
awesome. now please find me a train from kings lynn to 
i need it for 
actually i need to arrive by 
yes, please book 
i need a train departing from 
i need a train departing from cambridge after 
i would like to go to norwich on 
i would like to go to 
i need 
i need a hotel in 
yes, in cambridge, my mistake. i do say, all this travel is messing with my head... please find a 4 star guesthouse 
yes, in cambridge, my mistake. i do say, all this travel is messing with my head... please find a 
yes, in cambridge, my mistake. i do say, all this travel is messing with my head... please find a 4 star 
can you choose one of the 
i'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm trying to find an 
ok, how about 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves 
is there one that serves 
i'd like a 
i don't have an area preference, but i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on 
i don't have an area preference, but i would like to book a table for 
i don't have an area preference, but i would like to book a table for 6 people at 
i will be departing from stansted airport to go to cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from stansted airport to go to 
i would like to arrive by 
no. can you help me find a very 
itshould be in the 
book for 2 people for 2 nights from 
book for 
book for 
sorry, can you actually book it for 
sorry, can you actually book it for 3 people for 
hi, i am looking for an upscale restaurant in the 
i would like on that serves 
the ugly duckling sounds fine. could you reserve a table for one on 
the ugly duckling sounds fine. could you reserve a table for one on wednesday at 
the ugly duckling sounds fine. could you reserve a table for one on wednesday at 
the 
yes, i want to find a place to visit in the same area. are there any 
i would like to book a train for 
i would like to book a train for thursday after 
i need to leave bishops stafford and head into 
sounds right, would you book it for 
i have heard wonderful things about the 
could i please have the phone number for the 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant serving 
i am looking for an 
i would like to stay at a hotel in the 
i would like to stay at a 
does it have 
is there a 4 star guesthouse in the 
is there a 
is there a 4 star 
can i book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
can i book one of them for 
can i book one of them for 8 people for 
can i book one of them for 8 people for 
yes, i am looking for a 
terrific. can you book a table for the same group of people at 
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 
yes i am looking for a guesthouse that is 
yes i am looking for a 
yes please, i need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
yes please, i need to book it for 
yes please, i need to book it for 8 people for 
thank you. i am also looking for an indian restaurant and is located in the 
thank you. i am also looking for an 
yes, i am looking for a 
in the 
thank you.i am looking for a guest house .i am also looking for one that is rather 
the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 
no, how about a 
no, how about a moderate-price 
hi, i want a 
hi, i want a french restaurant in the 
can you recommend any 
is that in the centre of town? i definitely want to visit a 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. free wifi, please. 
great i also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by 
i would like to go to 
could you help me find a train that leaves on a 
could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 
certainly. i need to travel from 
certainly. i need to travel from leicester to 
great thank you i also need to find a guesthouse in a 
great thank you i also need to find a 
can you find one in the 
hi, i'm looking for a basque restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
how about 
i'm going to cambridge from liverpool street. on 
i'm going to 
i need to leave after 
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant called 
i am traveling to cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions. i am looking for a museum in the 
i am traveling to cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions. i am looking for a 
yes, i'm also looking for a hotel called the 
does 
thanks! i will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an expensive 
i need one in the 
i need one in the north and a 
is there a 4 star guesthouse in the 
is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the 
is there a 
is there a 4 star 
hold on, is there any trains leaving cambridge that arrives by 
hold on, is there any trains leaving 
i would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the 
i would prefer a 
yes, can you tell me the star rating of that 
thanks, i also need a restaurant in the 
thanks, i also need a restaurant in the centre that serves 
sounds good. i would like to make a reservation for 
sounds good. i would like to make a reservation for friday at 17:15 for 
sounds good. i would like to make a reservation for friday at 
hello, please find me a place to dine in the 
hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves 
yes please. i would just need it to be in the 
yes, let's try 
book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 1 person at 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve 
yes, i am looking for a 
what about 
yes, i want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on 
yes, i want a reservation for 
yes, i want a reservation for 8 people at 
i would like a moderately priced 
i would like a 
how about the 
how about the west? i will need a table for 4 on 
how about the west? i will need a table for 
how about the west? i will need a table for 4 on friday at 
is there anything available for 12:15 on 
is there anything available for 
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hi, i'm looking for an 
how about 
how about korean food in the 
i'm looking for the 
do you have any 
is there one in the 
yes, that would be great. there will be 
i'd like to start on 
i'd like to start on friday please and stay for 
i need a train. the train should leave on 
i need a train. the train should leave on wednesday and should go to 
yes, i have to leave cambridge and arrive by 
yes, i have to leave 
yes, i have to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in 
actually i think i've heard of a specific place - the 
the hotel should be in the 
could i book the marriot for 4 people starting on 
could i book the marriot for 
could i book the marriot for 4 people starting on wednesday? it would be for 
could i book the marriot for 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the 
i don't care book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on 
i don't care book a table for 
i don't care book a table for 5 people at 
have you ever heard of the hotel 
yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes can you check for availability for 
yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 
i am also looking for a train that goes from 
i am also looking for a train that goes from cambridge to 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave wednesday after 
i am looking for 
i'd like a room in the 
i would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from 
i would like a hotel that has open bookings for 
i would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 
no. is there availability for 
okay. can you book me a taxi as well? i want to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant called the 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation at 
i want an expensive restaurant located in the 
i want an 
sorry but i wanted 
hmmm, okay, i'm craving 
yes, please. make me a reservation for 4 people at 13:30 on 
yes, please. make me a reservation for 
yes, please. make me a reservation for 4 people at 
yes, i need to arrive at bishops by 
any arrival time would work so long as it gets to bishops before 
no but i am looking for a 
that sounds great. i need to book it for 5 people at 11:45 on 
that sounds great. i need to book it for 
that sounds great. i need to book it for 5 people at 
the 
all right. could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 4 nights beginning 
all right. could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 
all right. could you see if they have rooms for 
i would also appreciate it if you could help me find a cheap restaurant serving food from 
i would also appreciate it if you could help me find a 
that's okay. how about 
yes, for 
yes, for friday at 19:00 for 
yes, for friday at 
hi, i am planning a trip. have you heard of a particular hotel? i think it is called the 
great! i need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on 
great! i need reservations for 
great! i need reservations for 
thank you. i also need to find an attraction in the 
can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the church at 1
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant in the 
i would like 
yes, please. for 7 people starting at 11:15 on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 7 people starting at 
i would also like to find a train that would arrive at 
i would also like to find a train that would arrive at 19:45 and depart from 
train should go to kings lynn and should leave on 
train should go to 
i would like a museum in the 
i would like a 
thank you. could you also find a 
whatever you recommend will work. it need it booked for 
whatever you recommend will work. it need it booked for wednesday, 
whatever you recommend will work. it need it booked for wednesday, 2 nights, 
hi, i need a train that departs from 
hi, i need a train that departs from cambridge. i need to leave after 
i am going to 
i would like to arrive by 
thanks. i also need a place to stay. can you find a 
i'll deal with the train, thank you. i want a fancy 
i'll deal with the train, thank you. i want a fancy expensive 
please try for something in the 
yes for 
yes for sunday for 
yes for sunday for 
can you help me find a train for 
can you help me find a train for wednesday, heading into 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 
thanks, i actually don't want to book just yet. i do need a place to stay though. could you please suggest a hotel in a 
yes, i am looking for something in the 
i think i'd like a 
i think i'd like a moderately priced 
i like the sound of the 
yes please. there will be 
yes please. there will be 7 people staying for 
i'm looking for a 
i think i would like it near the 
i think i would like it near the centre. does it have free parking? i would like the price range to be 
i think i would like it near the centre. does it have free parking? i would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 
what hotels are available in the 
i'm sorry. could you just find me one with free parking, a 3 star, 
i'm sorry. could you just find me one with free parking, a 
ok, can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
ok, can you book me for 
ok, can you book me for 1 person for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the cambridge city 
i'm looking for a 
yes i am interested in 
i am looking for something to do in the 
i'll also need a taxi. it should leave the 
i'll also need a taxi. it should leave the fez by 
i'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. i need to leave the nightclub by 
i'd really like to find a 
i'd really like to find a moderately priced 
i am looking for a guesthouse in the 
i am looking for a 
hm, i think i want to hold off on a booking. but i do need to book a place to eat. i think i'll just want 
okay great. let's book it for 
okay great. let's book it for tuesday at 16:45, with 
okay great. let's book it for tuesday at 
is there a cheap restaurant in the 
is there a 
hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? i need to go to 
could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 
yes please make reservations for sunday for 
yes please make reservations for 
i also need a 
we would like a place in the 
do you have any trains leaving after 15:00 on 
do you have any trains leaving after 
my destination is norwich departing from 
my destination is 
yes, that would be find. i'll need to book tickets for 
yes, do you have a place that serves 
yes, do you have a place that serves 
yes, do you have a place that serves corsican food? i also need it to be on the 
bummer! i guess i'll try some 
can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the 
can you let me know what 
how about the 
sounds perfect! i also want to find a 
sounds perfect! i also want to find a 3-star 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
price is no issue. i would like a 
price is no issue. i would like a 3 star 
yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 
try 
yes, i am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15 and goes to 
yes, i am also looking for a train that leaves after 
i'd like to leave on 
i'd like to leave on wednesday, from 
i need to eat 
i need to eat australian food in a place that is 
are you sure there are no restaurants that serve australian food in the 
are you sure there are no restaurants that serve 
are you sure there are no restaurants that serve australian food in the north that has an 
hmm, i'll try 
let's make it for six people at 15:00 on 
let's make it for six people at 
i'd like to find a restaurant. the restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. also, i'd like it if the restaurant was in the 
i'd like to find a restaurant. the restaurant should be 
i need for the restaurant to serve 
that sounds great! i need a table for 
that sounds great! i need a table for monday at 12:15 for 
that sounds great! i need a table for monday at 
i am looking for a train. i need to leave on tuesday and want to arrive by 
i am looking for a train. i need to leave on 
i'm heading to cambridge, and i'd like to leave from 
i'm heading to 
no thank you. i am looking for a place to stay though that has free parking and 
i am looking for a museum in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking to visit a 
yes, that's perfect! thank you! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
yes, that's perfect! thank you! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. it needs to be 
i'd prefer 
yes, thank you very much! we'd like a dinner reservation for two, at 
hello cambridge towninfo center representative. i desire a place to stay that 5 stars, 
hello cambridge towninfo center representative. i desire a place to stay that 
how about changing that to a 
no preferences on the area, but i want to book it for 
no preferences on the area, but i want to book it for 1 person for 
sounds great! could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting 
sounds great! could you book it for 
sounds great! could you book it for 1 person for 
i am looking for places to go in the 
give me more information about the 
i'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. i want it to be 
i need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 8 at 
i don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere 
the 
i want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from 
i want to book it for 
i'm looking for a 
the area does not matter, but it should have a 
please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from 
please book for 
please book for 3 people for 
yes, i also need a train that departs from 
yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to 
i want it for 
i want it for monday and to leave after 19:1
yes, please book it for 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 0 star 
how about el shaddai? i'll book it for 3 nights starting 
how about el shaddai? i'll book it for 3 nights starting sunday. there will be 
how about el shaddai? i'll book it for 
how about 
i need information on a train to cambridge. i prefer to get there by 
i need information on a train to 
don't you need to know where i am leaving from? does that train leave from 
please book tr817
thank you! can you please tell me about a restaurant called 
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for the same group of people at 
i am trying to plan my trip in cambridge and need a place to dine. i need something kind of moderate for price and on the 
i am trying to plan my trip in cambridge and need a place to dine. i need something kind of 
how about thai? are there any thai restaurants in the 
how about 
how about thai? are there any thai restaurants in the west of the 
that is okay. an 
i'm looking for a 
are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the 
are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the 
are there any hotels in the 
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on 
surprise me! i need a booking for 
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 
i'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a 
oh, i'm sorry. i was hoping for something located in the 
great can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights on 
great can you book it for 
great can you book it for 
i am leaving from 
yes, i'm going to 
yes i'm leaving on saturday and need to arrive by 
yes i'm leaving on 
no, i'm actually looking for something in the 
hi, few questions. i am looking for a restaurant called the 
the outdoor pool would be best. for the restaurant i need to reserve it for 5 people at 14:30 on 
the outdoor pool would be best. for the restaurant i need to reserve it for 
the outdoor pool would be best. for the restaurant i need to reserve it for 5 people at 
ok, thanks. can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on 
ok, thanks. can you reserve the restaurant for me for 
ok, thanks. can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 
i'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from 
i'm looking for a train leaving after 
i need to go to stevenage on 
i need to go to 
that sounds good. i will need 
i am also looking for a particular hotel called the 
i'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on 
i'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on sunday for 
hello. i am looking for a hotel that is 
hello. i am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 
no, i really need a hotel. it should be 
no, i really need a 
ok, then i guess i will need to be more flexible with my budget. how about a 2 star hotel that is 
ok, then i guess i will need to be more flexible with my budget. how about a 
ok, then i guess i will need to be more flexible with my budget. how about a 2 star 
i also need a train that leaves 
i also need a train that leaves ely after 
i'll be traveling on 
i'll be traveling on sunday and i'll be going to 
what time would i be arriving in 
yes, i'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. the restaurant should serve a variety of jamaican food and ideally i'd like it to be located in the 
yes, i'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. the restaurant should serve a variety of 
how about one that serves 
i'd like to book at the expensive place. there will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at 15:00 on 
i'd like to book at the expensive place. there will be 
i'd like to book at the expensive place. there will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at 
i'd like to book at the 
i'm looking for some attractions in the 
as long as it is in the 
i'm also looking for an expensive 
i'm also looking for an 
yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? if so, can you please book a table for 6 at 13:00 on 
yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? if so, can you please book a table for 
yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? if so, can you please book a table for 6 at 
yes, do you have a restaurant that serves 
can you help me find a train out of 
can you help me find a train out of cambridge that leaves after 
i am looking to travel 
i am looking to travel sunday going to 
yes, that will work for me. can you please make a booking for 
thank you. i'm also looking for a hotel in the 
thank you. i'm also looking for a 
i need to find an expensive restaurant on the 
i need to find an 
sounds great. can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on 
sounds great. can you book a table for 
sounds great. can you book a table for 1 at 
can you help me with some information on a restaurant called 
can you also give me a phone number to a 
yes, can you tell me if 
yes, can you tell me if cineworld 
are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 
are there any 
yes! can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting 
yes! can you book it for 
yes! can you book it for 
i'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the 
i'm looking for an 
yes, a table for 2 people on 
yes, a table for 
yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a 
i want to arrive at the restaurant by 
to 
i'm sorry, let's back up. we'll worry about the taxi later. first, can you help me find a college on the 
a 
yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, i need a taxi at 11.45 from churchill college to maharajah tandoor so i can get there by 
yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, i need a taxi at 11.45 from 
yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, i need a taxi at 11.45 from churchill college to 
yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, i need a taxi at 
i'm stuck up here in 
i'm stuck up here in kings lynn and really need to get into 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on saturday after 
no, i'm not ready to book yet. thanks though. can you recommend a 
are there any in the 
are there any in the centre in the 
what about one that serves 
dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 7 at 20:30 on 
dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 
dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 7 at 
can you help me find a train for 
can you help me find a train for wednesday, heading into 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 
i need the place to be on the 
i need the place to be on the north side actually. 
i prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting wednesday. if that doesn't work then 
i prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting 
i prefer a 
yes, that sounds fine. i need it for 4 nights the same day. there will be 
yes, that sounds fine. i need it for 
i want to find a hotel in the 
i want to find a 
yes i need it to be in the 
yes i need it to be in the 
are either of them 
are either of them 4 star 
yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes could you check for a booking for 
yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 
yes could you check for a booking for 
how about a different 
i'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves 
i'm looking for a place to dine, in the 
what about a cheap 
what about a 
i am also looking for a place to stay. i'd like a 
i don't want to stay in a hotel, i'd prefer a 
yes, i would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on 
if it isn't too much trouble, i'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by 
i need a place to stay in the 
yes please, for 
i need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on 
i need it for 
i need it for 8 people for 
thanks. could you help me find a restaurant specializing in americas food, also in the 
thanks. could you help me find a restaurant specializing in 
try 
that would be for 
that would be for wednesday and 
could you give me information about the 
i am also looking for a 
yes, i would prefer the 
i don't really mind, as long as it has 
yes please, book the hotel for three people, five nights, starting 
i'm looking for some 
sure, as long as it is 
are there cheap places to eat in the 
are there 
good i like 
yes, i need a reservation for 7 people on 
yes, i need a reservation for 
yes, i need a reservation for 7 people on friday at 
i have heard a lot of good things about the 
i have heard a lot of good things about the arbury lodge 
i would like to find a hotel that has 
i would like to find a 
the hotel should have a star of 
the 
yes, please. 8 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 8 people for 
hi, i'm looking for a cheap 
are you sure? i'd really like some 
yes please. i prefer the 
i would like for that to be 
hey, i'd like to find a hotel in the 
i want one with 
i am open to any hotel that matches my requests. i need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting 
i am open to any hotel that matches my requests. i need it booked for 
i am open to any hotel that matches my requests. i need it booked for 1 person, 
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and i am looking for things to do in the city 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
thank you. do you also book taxis? i would like one from 
thank you. do you also book taxis? i would like one from saint mary's to the 
i want to leave the church by 
i want a particular one called 
i am also interested in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the 
i am also interested in finding a 
i am also interested in finding a 4 star 
from 
from a and b guest house at 01:00 to 
from a and b guest house at 
i need a train leaving after 18:15 departing from 
i need a train leaving after 
friday. i'll be heading to 
yes, that works - could you book 
great. i am also looking for a place to stay. it does 
great. i am also looking for a place to stay. it does 
is it in the 
i suppose the 
i suppose the 
i suppose the 
i don't need to book right 
i don't need to book right 
i'm sorry, i decided that i do need a hotel in the 
i'm sorry, i decided that i do need a 
i don't car, but i'm 
i don't car, but i'm 
i need to find a place to stay tonight in the 
i'm also looking for information on 
could you make a reservation for 7 people for 
could you make a reservation for 
could you make a reservation for 7 people for friday at 
hello i am new to cambridge and was wondering about good 
i need it to be in the 
yes, please! i'd like a room for 6 people. we'll arrive on 
yes, please! i'd like a room for 
yes, please! i'd like a room for 6 people. we'll arrive on friday and stay for 
yes, please! i'd like a room for 6 people. we'll arrive on friday and stay for 
i would also like to eat some 
sure, can you book it for 6 people on 
sure, can you book it for 
sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at 
i would like to visit some 
i would like to find a 
thank you, can you also look up 
that's okay. could you book a table for me there for two people. i'd like it to be on 
that's okay. could you book a table for me there for two people. i'd like it to be on sunday at 
thank you. i also need a taxi to pick me up from the 
the taxi will be picking me up from the 
hello, i'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the 
hello, i'd like to dine at an 
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a table for 
tuesday at 
i'm also looking for a train on 
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at 
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from 
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to 
yes, hi. would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced 
well, how about a 
please show me a 
yes, i think there's been some confusion. let's go back to lodgings for a moment. with no 0-star guesthouses with 
yes, i think there's been some confusion. let's go back to lodgings for a moment. with no 
yes, i think there's been some confusion. let's go back to lodgings for a moment. with no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a 
no, i'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and 
no, i'm looking for a hotel with 
no, i'm looking for a 
i would like to visit an attraction called 
yes, i am also looking for an expensive 
yes, i am also looking for an 
i would like halal food in the 
i would like 
is there an 
yes, please. i'll need a table on 
yes, please. i'll need a table on saturday. it will be at 13:30. 
yes, please. i'll need a table on saturday. it will be at 
hi there! i'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the 
hi there! i'm looking for a 
no i prefer to go with the 
no i prefer to go with the moderately priced 
i am also interested in finding something fun to do in the 
i also need taxi service to get me from 
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the 
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the art museum. i want to leave the hotel by 
i need a 
could you find me one with a star rating of 
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the gonville hotel, 1 person, 4 nights, starting 
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the gonville hotel, 
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the gonville hotel, 1 person, 
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the 
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the gonville 
yes, i also need a 
i can't wait. please book a table for 1 at 13:00 on 
i can't wait. please book a table for 
i can't wait. please book a table for 1 at 
i want to eat some 
i am looking for a place to eat that is 
i'd like some 
yeah. can i get one for 8 people on 
yeah. can i get one for 
yeah. can i get one for 8 people on friday at 
well now that you've asked, i would like some information about the 
yes i nee to book a room 
yes i nee to book a room friday. for 3 nights, 
have the taxi pick us up at the 
have the taxi pick us up at the kirkwood house at 
hi, i am looking for a north indian restaurant in the town 
hi, i am looking for a 
one in the 
no, in that case i think i would prefer to try a place that serves 
okay, how about the varsity .. i'd like a table for four on 
okay, how about the varsity .. i'd like a table for four on thursday at 
i'm looking for information on the 
i want to leave on 
i want to leave on friday after 
i'd like to depart from peterborough. i'm heading to cambridge. i'll need to book for 
i'd like to depart from 
i'd like to depart from peterborough. i'm heading to 
i need a train leaving on 
i need a train leaving on tuesday going to 
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge i would let to get there by 
leaving birmingham new st going back to 
yes, can you book it for 
thank you so much. i also need a place to stay while in 
no, but could it have a 
whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting 
whatever is open and available, please book me for 
whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 
whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 
hi! i am looking for a nice place for dinner. i would like something in the 
hi! i am looking for a nice place for dinner. i would like something in the centre that's 
yes, please. i also want to find a 
i would like a 
yes, please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 1 person and 
sure. any 
thank you for the reference number yu
i'm looking for a 
actually, i was looking for a mexican restaurant in the 
actually, i was looking for a 
what about a 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city centre. mexican is my first choice. if none is available, 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
thank you. oh wait! it needs to be a table for 
we need a table for 
we need a table for tuesday at 1
we need a table for tuesday at 
i also want to find an attraction called 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a 
i also need to find information on 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
ok, how about 
yes please, i would like a table for 6 at 11:30 on 
yes please, i would like a table for 
yes please, i would like a table for 6 at 
well, let see. i am eating in the 
lets try a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
can i book a table for 6 people at 15:45 on 
can i book a table for 
can i book a table for 6 people at 
i would like to go to a park in the 
i would like to go to a 
i also need a taxi to go from 
hi, can you help me find a train leaving 
i would like to go to cambridge on 
i would like to go to 
i would like to go to 
i am leaving 
i am leaving birmingham new street, coming into 
i can depart any time after 
i need a train that leaves before 
no, thank you. i will have to verify with a friend if we can make tr5797. can you help with finding an indian restaurant in the 
no, thank you. i will have to verify with a friend if we can make tr5797. can you help with finding an 
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i need a 
i would like sometthing 
yes there will be 8 of us at 17:15 on 
yes there will be 
yes there will be 8 of us at 
i would like a train from ely to cambridge on 
hello, i am looking for a certain hotel in cambridge called the 
yes, for 5 nights beginning 
yes, for 5 nights beginning wednesday for 
yes, for 
how about 
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called 
i need an 
i would like chinese food in the 
i would like 
i need a table for 7 at 19:45 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 7 at 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
are there any 
darn, alright. can we search 
thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on 
thanks, could you book a table for 
thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on monday at 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at. i want it to be at least 
i'm looking for a 
do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the 
do you have anything that is 
can you help me find a restaurant in the 
can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving 
maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves 
maybe... is there any other place that's 
i think i will try 
yes i am looking for a particular hotel called the 
i need the address for 
i need a train to cambridge, leaving from the 
i need a train to 
i need a train leaving on 
i need a train leaving on thursday at 
anytime is fine as long as i leave after 10:45. i'll need a booking for 
anytime is fine as long as i leave after 
i will take it. also, i am looking for a place that serves thai food in the 
i will take it. also, i am looking for a place that serves 
i'm looking for a restaurant in a 
i would like a moderate price range and in the 
i would like a 
just please book a table anywhere for 2 on 
just please book a table anywhere for 
just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 
i want the creative food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the 
i want the 
how about 
i'm viviting cambridge and would really love to do something while i am here on a 
thanks. i'll also need a place to stay on my visit. could you find me a 
thanks. i'll also need a place to stay on my visit. could you find me a 3 star 
yes, i do. 
either will do. please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
either will do. please book it for 
either will do. please book it for 2 people for 
i need to find a place to stay. i prefer a 
great thank you i am also looking to get some info on the 
hello, i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a place in the 
actually, i'm not quite ready to book yet. but i am looking for parks in the 
actually, i'm not quite ready to book yet. but i am looking for 
can you look for a nice 
i want to leave the museum by 
i want to go from the 
i want to go from the allenbell to the 
i want to go from the allenbell to the cafe jello gallery. i want to leave the museum by 
i need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge that will arrive by 
i need a train from 
i need a train from bishops stortford to 
i need it for 
i just need to get there by 
no thanks, i just wanted to know the information. i do need a 
no thanks, i just wanted to know the information. i do need a moderately priced 
i'd rather have a 
yes, i am going for luxorious today. i need to find an expensive restaurant in the 
yes, i am going for luxorious today. i need to find an 
i'd prefer 
sounds good. can you reserve me a table for 8 people on 
sounds good. can you reserve me a table for 
sounds good. can you reserve me a table for 8 people on wednesday at 
i need a train to stansted airport on thursday that arrives by 
i need a train to stansted airport on 
i need a train to 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
no, it doesn't matter. can you reserve one of them for 
no, it doesn't matter. can you reserve one of them for sunday at 
no, it doesn't matter. can you reserve one of them for sunday at 
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on 
i will be going from 
i will be going from ely to 
is it a 
what is the price and how many stars does the 
are there any expensive restaurants in the 
are there any 
yea, please book me for 8 people on 
yea, please book me for 
yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at 
i would like it to leave after 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge going to 
i'll be leaving cambridge going to ely, i'd like to leave after 
sorry i actually need that for 
sorry i actually need that for 8 people on 
i'd like a 
i'd like a kosher restaurant that's in the 
how about 
i'm so hungry! can you find me an 
actually, i'd prefer some good german food. is there an expensive german restaurant in the city 
actually, i'd prefer some good 
actually, i'd prefer some good german food. is there an 
how about one that serves 
i'd like to try la mimosa. could i get a table for 8 at 15:30 on 
i'd like to try la mimosa. could i get a table for 
i'd like to try la mimosa. could i get a table for 8 at 
i'd like to try 
hello, are there any moderate 
hello, are there any 
how about 
i would like something in the 
that sounds good. can you book the table for 7 people on 
that sounds good. can you book the table for 
that sounds good. can you book the table for 7 people on tuesday at 
i'll be going to peterborough on 
i'll be going to 
i'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the 
i'm looking for a 
okay. i need some information on an 
okay. i need some information on an italian restaurant in the 
yes i need the restaurant to be in the 
before you do that, is it 
find me a restaurant that serves belgian food in the 
find me a restaurant that serves 
how about one that serves 
i would like to know the price ranges of the 3 if possible please, and also would like to dine in the 
thanks, i'm also looking for a train that goes to cambridge on 
thanks, i'm also looking for a train that goes to 
i'd like to arrive by 
the train should depart from ely and should arrive by 
the train should depart from 
would you help me book a train for 
i would like to go to 
i will be leaving from 
i would like to leave after 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 
i would like a 
i would like a cheaper 
i still have some requests for the 
i need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the 
i need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, 
i need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 
that doesnt matter. choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on 
that doesnt matter. choose your best recommendation and please book it for 
that doesnt matter. choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 
i would like to find a restaurant named 
can you help me find a restaurant by the name of 
no thank you. i would like to book a reservation for 
no thank you. i would like to book a reservation for wednesday at 
there are 
yes please try to book a different 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
do you have information about 
can you find me a moderately priced 
can you find me a 
i need to find a place to sleep on the 
i think a 
no thank you. could you tell me about russian restaurants in the 
no thank you. could you tell me about 
are there any 
i am a big fan of british food. do you have an expensive one in the 
i am a big fan of 
i am a big fan of british food. do you have an 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for monday at 12:00 for 
yes please book it for monday at 
could you try 
how about 
i would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the 
i would like to find the best, most 
i want to depart from 
i would like to leave on 
i am going to 
i would like to leave after 
yes please. i need 
yes please. i need an expensive restaurant located in the 
yes please. i need an 
first, i need an attraction in the 
just do what i say! i don't care what you choose! give me the necessary information too. then, get me a restaurant in the 
just do what i say! i don't care what you choose! give me the necessary information too. then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive 
just do what i say! i don't care what you choose! give me the necessary information too. then, get me a restaurant in the east that's 
how about expensive restaurants that serve 
how about 
i want the pipasha for 1 at 16:30 on 
i want the pipasha for 
i want the pipasha for 1 at 
i want the 
yes try 15:30 on 
yes try 
yes try 
i need information on a restaurant called 
i need reservations for 5 people at 15:15 on 
i need reservations for 
i need reservations for 5 people at 
i'm looking for things to do in the 
can you tell me the address for the 
hi, i need to find a hotel in 
hi, i need to find a 
are either one of them a 
can you give me the star rating of your top three 
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called 
yes please. for 1 at 16:45 this 
yes please. for 
yes please. for 1 at 
i need a 
is there any other 
how many stars does the 
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 
could you please book that train for 
i would like to find a cheap 
i would like to find a 
i would prefer it to be in the 
i would like to leave by 
yes, i would like to leave by 
sorry, i misspoke. i need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 
sorry, i misspoke. i need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 0
i want a place to eat that serves 
how about does anyone serve 
it doesn't matter. please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on 
it doesn't matter. please make a recommendation and book a table for 
it doesn't matter. please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 
i'd like a hotel in the 
ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on 
ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 
i would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 
i will be leaving rosa's bed and breakfast and heading to the restaurant. please ensure the taxi arrives before 
i will be leaving 
i would like the 
i am most interested in 
just any type of 
thank you, can you also help me with finding a 
oops look like i made a typo. is that hotel a guesthouse and in the 
oops look like i made a typo. is that hotel a 
as long as these are cheap guesthouses in the 
as long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do. i need 4 people 2 nights from 
as long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do. i need 
as long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do. i need 4 people 
as long as these are 
as long as these are cheap 
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. i'd like to leave the hotel by 
how's it going? i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
how's it going? i'm looking for an 
yes please, a table for two at 17:15 on 
yes please, a table for two at 
can you help me find a room in the 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a 
the restaurant should be in the 
tell me about the indian restaurants in the 
tell me about the 
can you book me a table for two at the 
i need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on 
i need a booking for 
i need a booking for 2 people at 
a 
i do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving 
hello! i'm traveling to cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the 
hello! i'm traveling to cambridge soon and would love to visit a 
and the address is? and while we're talking about location, are there any 
and the address is? and while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star 
do they have free wifi? if yes, please book for 
do they have free wifi? if yes, please book for 2 people for 
i actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could i have the postcode and phone number for the gonville? and is that a 
thanks, i also need a taxi to go the hotel. i want to leave 
thanks, i also need a taxi to go the hotel. i want to leave the man on the moon at 
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving 
i want to find a 
can you please help me find a 
can you please help me find a cheap 
i would like a little more information about the 
i would like a little more information about the belfry 
i'll be on the 
i'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi. i'd like a 
yes i need train tickets leaving cambridge on 
yes i need train tickets leaving 
i am leaving 
i am leaving kings lynn anytime after 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i don't have a preference for food but i would like it to be in the 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from ely at 
actually, i need a train leaving from 
actually, i need a train leaving from leicester after 
i misspoke i need it to leave after 
i'm craving some spicy food so find me an indian restaurant on the 
i'm craving some spicy food so find me an 
yes, is the 
yes, is the curry prince in the 
8 people at 12:15 on 
8 people at 
i need to book a room too a 
you can decide please. i need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting 
you can decide please. i need to book it for 
i would like more information on a hotel called 
i also would like information on a place to eat in the 
yes i was interested in 
yes i was interested in european food in 
i don't care about price, but i'd like to stay in the 
i don't care about price, but i'd like to stay in the south. i do like 
i'd like to find a very nice park out in the 
i'd like to find a very nice 
i also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i want a train going to 
i am departing from 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on monday and leave after 
please book the 17:70 for 
great, thanks! also, can you tell me about the 
yes i would like to book it for 2 nights from 
yes i would like to book it for 2 nights from saturday for 
yes i would like to book it for 
i should very much like to explore the 
what attractions are in the 
how about a 
the 
i had no preference going into this, but lets try 
no but quality matters, are any of them 
i'd like a guesthouse, 
i'd like a 
i need a hotel or guesthouse with 
i need a train out of cambridge on 
i need a train out of 
let's change the date to leaving on 
let's change the date to leaving on tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing 
let's change the date to leaving on tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing cambridge and to the 
let's change the date to leaving on tuesday after 
perfect. can you book 
the area is flexible. i am more concerned with finding something with 
what's the name of the 
what train can i take to get to cambridge from 
what train can i take to get to 
i need to leave on 
i'd like to leave after 
i am also looking for moderate priced 
i am also looking for 
yes, that sounds good. please book a table for 1 at 20:00 on 
yes, that sounds good. please book a table for 
yes, that sounds good. please book a table for 1 at 
are there are jamaican restaurants in the 
are there are 
oh no. i had my heart set on 
well bummer. how about a restaurant that serves 
i need 
great! i am also looking for a train going to broxbourne on 
great! i am also looking for a train going to 
yes, i am departing from 
yes, i need to make sure i leave by 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for an 
what about 
i want to find a place to stay in the 
i would like a 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to dine. im thinking british food and it should be in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to dine. im thinking 
no just as long as it serves british food and is in the 
no just as long as it serves 
i don't care about the time or day. i would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves british food in the 
i don't care about the time or day. i would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
yes, i'm on food stamps and i can only afford the 
may i have the postcode for the 
i also wanted to find a 
i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for the 
thank you. can you also find a train that leaves on 
thank you. can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and going to 
i am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and i need to leave after 
i am trying to find when the train is leaving 
i am trying to find when the train is leaving sunday 
i am heading to 
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 16:00 going to 
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 
that is good, i also need a place to stay with a 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
the hotel that i am looking for is called gonville. i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on 
the hotel that i am looking for is called gonville. i would like to book it for 
the hotel that i am looking for is called gonville. i would like to book it for 8 people for 
the hotel that i am looking for is called 
can you find me a modern european cuisine restaurant in the 
can you find me a 
i would like the 
please reserve for 
i want to go 
i also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. i'd like to leave the gonville hotel by 
i am wanting to visit a 
thank you! i would like it to have at least 
you know what, come to think of it i think i would prefer to stay on the 
you know what, come to think of it i think i would prefer to stay on the south side of town. can you check for a 
could you get me the postcode for 
yes i will also need to book a taxi from 
yes i will also need to book a taxi from rosa's for 
i need to find a restaurant called 
yes. i need a place for 3 on 
yes. i need a place for 
yes. i need a place for 3 on wednesday at 
i also need a hotel in 
i also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 
how about a 
the area doesn't matter. can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on 
the area doesn't matter. can you pick one and book a room for 
i am looking for 
i'd like the expensive range and i'd like to book a table for 7 people on 
i'd like the expensive range and i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like the expensive range and i'd like to book a table for 7 people on saturday at 
i'd like the 
can i get a korean restaurant in the town 
can i get a 
can you tell me the address, phone number, and postcode of 
i'm looking for a cheap 
i'm looking for a 
if that is 
thanks. is there a 
is there any 
i would like something 
can you book me a table for two at the one in the 
can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for 
can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 
please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving 
please give me a 
could you recommend an 
is there any other 
i'm looking for lodgings that are 
yes, i'm looking to stay in the 
the hotel should be in the 
the 
i am actually looking for a 
sure, book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on 
sure, book me for 
sure, book me for 2 people for 
i am looking for a train going to cambridge leaving on 
i am looking for a train going to 
it really needs to depart from norwich so i can arrive by 
it really needs to depart from 
i'll take 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's 
i will be in cambridge and i need a place to go in the 
anything in the 
i want a 
i want a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
lets try for 
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the 
i would like the restaurant to have 
that sounds good. i would like to book a table for 2 people on 
that sounds good. i would like to book a table for 
that sounds good. i would like to book a table for 2 people on friday at 
is it in the 
i'm open to it, and i suppose the centre will do. but i'd prefer the 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 
that's okay, 
i am looking to book a train for the three of us from cambridge to birmingham new street on 
i am looking to book a train for the three of us from 
i am looking to book a train for the three of us from cambridge to 
ummm i literally just told you birmingham new street, and i'm not traveling today im traveling 
ummm i literally just told you 
we will be ready to leave after 14:
we will be ready to leave after 
that sounds perfect. i need reservations for 
i'm looking for a cheap hotel on the 
i'm looking for a 
i need to find a place in the 
i need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be 
perfect. i need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from 
perfect. i need a room for 
yes, actually. i'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with 
yes, actually. i'm looking for information on 
how about 
as long as it is 
i'm looking for a 
hmm, i don't usually like the cheaper places. how about anything that is 
no problem. i would like a place to eat. chinese food around the 
no problem. i would like a place to eat. 
yes is should be 
actually, i am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 14:45 on 
actually, i am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 
actually, i am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 
that will be nice. can you book it for 
that will be nice. can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 
that will be nice. can you book it for monday at 
thank you. going back, i don't think we chose a hotel. i need a 
i am looking for the 
no that is fine but i do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by 
yes an 
yes an expensive one would be great with a 
yeah, what can you tell me about 
i need to book a stay for 5 nights for 
i need to book a stay for 
i would like to travel on 
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on 
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:1
i am looking for a 
sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode? i'm also looking for an expensive 
do you have some place that serves 
do you have some place that serves danish food and it should be 
yes, please. although i would like it to be in the 
at 20:00 for 
at 
i want a 
yes. can you find any 
i would like the address, phone number, and post code information for 
are there any museums i could go to in the 
are there any 
can you give me the postcode for 
thanks! i also need information on 
i want to find a place to eat british food in the 
i want to find a place to eat 
in the 
in the west and prefer 
yes, please do that for me. i would like to book a table for 
yes, please do that for me. i would like to book a table for 8 people at 
ok, well how about something educational--like a 
hi i am looking to get some information on 
i am looking for a place to stay that is 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
could you check for something in the 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from leicester on 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 08:15 in 
i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant in the 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
can you help me book a 
can you help me book a 1 star 
let me think about that. can you help me book a 
let me think about that. can you help me book a 4 star 
no, that's ok. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
no, that's ok. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 5 at 
yes. i'd like to reserve a table for 5 on 
yes. i'd like to reserve a table for 
yes. i'd like to reserve a table for 5 on thursday at 
yes. i'd like to reserve a table for 5 on thursday at 
are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on thursday at 12:00 in the 
are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on 
are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on thursday at 
are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on thursday at 
are you sure there isn't an 
i weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by 
i weill departing on 
i weill departing on thursday from 
i weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by 10:30 in 
i'm not sure of that yet. it does need to be in the 
i need some help finding a place to stay in the 
price isn't really a factor, but i would like 
price doesn't matter. any of the five will be fine. i'll need it booked for 
price doesn't matter. any of the five will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. it will be 3 nights and for 
price doesn't matter. any of the five will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. it will be 
i would also like a 
a table for 6 at 13:15 on 
a table for 
a table for 6 at 
hi! i need to find a cheap restaurant in the 
hi! i need to find a 
sure, can you try and book a table for 
sure, can you try and book a table for wednesday at 12:1
sure, can you try and book a table for wednesday at 
i'm interested in 
great! i'm also looking for a hotel, preferably on the 
great! i'm also looking for a 
book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 8 people and 
i'm looking for a train that leaves 
i'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after 
i want to go to 
yes, that will work fine. will you please book it for 
i'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves 
i'm also looking for a 
can you recommend a place that services 
hi i am looking for a 
hi i am looking for a cheap 
can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on 
can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 
can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on tuesday, and we'll want to stay 
are there any 
what is the phone number for the 
what is the phone number for the vue 
i want a place to stay. find me a 
the 
yes, that sounds like a good choice. can you book it for me for 3 people starting 
yes, that sounds like a good choice. can you book it for me for 
yes, that sounds like a good choice. can you book it for me for 
i would like to stay for 
i would like to stay for 
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:
i need a train from norwich to get to the 
it doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 
i want to find a restaurant that serves 
i am looking to book a train to broxbourne on 
i am looking to book a train to 
the train should depart from broxbourne and should leave on 
the train should depart from 
i need to arrive by 
great! that sounds perfect. i'm also looking for a hotel, nothing too shabby, no less than a 
great! that sounds perfect. i'm also looking for a 
one in the 
one in the west will be fine. i'll need it for 
one in the west will be fine. i'll need it for friday, 4 nights, and 
one in the west will be fine. i'll need it for friday, 
one in the west will be fine. i'll need it for friday, 
i need a train for cambridge, i would like to arrive by 
i need a train for 
i'll be leaving norwich on 
i'll be leaving 
can you find me an expensive 
can you find me an 
great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
can i have the address of 
i want somewhere expensive in the 
i want somewhere 
i would prefer 
could you please book a reservation for me? we need a table for 8 at 12:00 on 
could you please book a reservation for me? we need a table for 
could you please book a reservation for me? we need a table for 8 at 
i would like to leave on 
i need a train, going to stevenage on 
i need a train, going to 
i need a train, going to stevenage on thursday and it needs to leave 
please book 
please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 12:45 on 
please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 
i need a train leaving cambridge on 
i need a train leaving 
i would like a train that is leaving after 18:15 and is going to 
i would like a train that is leaving after 
no need to book the train yet, thanks. i'd like a hotel in the 
i am looking for a 
i'll take the alesbray lodge guesthouse, can you book it for 4 people starting on 
i'll take the alesbray lodge guesthouse, can you book it for 
i'll take the alesbray lodge guesthouse, can you book it for 4 people starting on wednesday? we would be staying 
i'll take the 
i'd like to find an 
can you find me one that serves 
yes. please book for 6 people on 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 6 people on monday at 
the train should leave on tuesday and should arrive by 
the train should leave on 
i am departing 
i am departing cambridge and going to 
hello! what is your favorite 
i'm also looking for a 
aww shucks. can you recommend another restaurant in the 
aww shucks. can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's 
i think i'd prefer 
yes, i will like a table for 5 people on 
yes, i will like a table for 
yes, i will like a table for 5 people on monday at 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking for the 
yes i would like to book it from 
yes i would like to book it from tuesday for 2 nights for 
yes i would like to book it from tuesday for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the area that serves 
what about 
i would like a table for 7 at 12:00 on 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 7 at 
find a 
on the 
can you help me find a restaurant called "
can you help me find a restaurant called "
thanks, i also need a train that leaves after 20:15 on 
thanks, i also need a train that leaves after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and heading to 
hi! can you tell me a little bit about the 
is there an entrance fee for the 
great. i'm looking for 
i need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 7 people at 
thank you. will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve 
are there any other 
are any of them 
dang...how about some 
yes, i'd like to book for 2 people at 16:45 on 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, i'd like to book for 2 people at 
can you try booking at 
fantastic, can you also find me a 
hi, can you help me find a 
what about a 
no, i really need 2 stars. could you check for a 
no, i really need 
yes, i need it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on 
yes, i need it for 
yes, i need it for 2 people and 
yes, i need it for 
can you check again? i need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 
can you check again? i need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a 
can you check again? i need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a cheap or 
can you check again? i need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 
i'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 
i'm really looking for only 
i'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 
yes i need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on 
yes i need to book it for 
yes i need to book it for 2 people and 
yes i need to book it for 
yes i would like to visit some 
could you give me the phone number of 
can you find me a 
is there a 
yes, in 
are there any 
i need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting 
i need it for 
i need it for 
i want to find a place serving spanish food in the 
i want to find a place serving 
is one of them 
yes, please make a reservation for 
yes, please make a reservation for thursday at 16:15. there will be 
yes, please make a reservation for thursday at 
can you look for 
okay yes pick one, perhaps the 
i could use some help finding a place to stay that is 
preferably the 
i am departing from stevenage anytime after 17:00. i would like to go to cambridge on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from stevenage anytime after 17:00. i would like to go to 
i am departing from stevenage anytime after 
could you tell me what time that train arrives in 
i'd like a hotel with free wifi in the 
what's a 
hmm, i do like the 
no, i just need the star of the 
i would be departing from 
i would be departing from cambridge and going to 
on saturday, please. i need to arrive by 
on 
yes, book it for 
can you tell me whether there are 
i'm also looking for a cheap 
i'm also looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
all right, let's try that. may i get a reservation for 
all right, let's try that. may i get a reservation for friday and saturday night, 
i also need a train on 
i also need a train on sunday from 
i also need a train on sunday from cambridge to 
i also need a train on sunday from cambridge to peterborough leaving after 
no, i just need to leave after 
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 
can you confirm if the 
the 
i'm looking for 
are you aware of any scottish restaurants in the 
are you aware of any 
no, what type of 
i prefer the 
can you book for the same group of people at 
hello! i need to find a train leaving 
i need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by 
i need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford on 
i need to go to cambridge from 
i need to go to 
i also like 
i'm looking for a train leaving after 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from leicester and want to go to 
i need a hotel in the 
no not really, i would prefer a 
perfect. i'd like to book a 
looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i want to stay in the 
i want to stay in the north. are there any attractions with 
okay let's try the 
no, thank you. could i get the entrance fee of the 
no, thank you. could i get the entrance fee of the river
i am looking for a train leaving 
i am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 
i'm going to 
just 
yes, i would like to find an expensive 
oh, that's too bad. i do need something in the center. is there any 
i'd like something 
yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. i need a reservation for 
yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. i need a reservation for monday at 10:15. 
yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. i need a reservation for monday at 
yes, i am looking for a 
i don't have a preference but i would like it to be 
any price range is fine. i just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
any price range is fine. i just need a reservation for 
any price range is fine. i just need a reservation for 3 people for 
i am coming to visit cambridge. would you happen to be able to find me a 
yes. can you help me find a hotel? a nice 
yes. can you help me find a 
do you have a hotel that is in the 
do you have a 
how about 
that sounds lovely. please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting 
that sounds lovely. please book that for 
that sounds lovely. please book that for 6 people for 
no, it just needs to be in the 
no, it just needs to be in the moderate price range. i prefer 
i would like 
try booking the 
i am looking for a train departing from 
i am looking for a train departing from cambridge after 
actually i need a train for 
actually i need a train for sunday leaving from 
actually i need a train for sunday leaving from cambridge, going to 
actually i need a train for sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 
yes, please make the booking for 
thank you i'am also looking for hotel called 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a 
not right now. could i have the phone number for the 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 
i'd like a hotel in the 
i'd like a 
lets go for the one in the 
lets go for the one in the centre please. can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
lets go for the one in the centre please. can you make is for 
lets go for the one in the centre please. can you make is for 2 people for 
lets go for the one in the centre please. can you make is for 2 people for 
in the same price range as the other 
what is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the 
what is the phone number and postcode of a 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on 
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from 
i plan to go to 
can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 
yes, i need a 4 star hotel in the 
yes, i need a 
i'd like to find a 
an 
yes please, can i reserve for 6 people at 12:15 on 
yes please, can i reserve for 
yes please, can i reserve for 6 people at 
yes, i'm looking for a 
the 
i just need it to arrive by 
i'm looking for a place called 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and headed to a wedding in 
can you please check again? from cambridge to broxbourne, 
can you please check again? from 
can you please check again? from cambridge to 
can you please check again? from cambridge to broxbourne, wednesday after 
can you book 
i'd like a place that serves world food in the 
i'd like a place that serves 
how about 
i would like the address and phone number of 
i'm looking to get some information on the 
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
yes please. i need three nights for one person starting this 
can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting 
can you book me a room for 
can you book me a room for 
can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting friday at the 
can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the 
can you find me an 
are any of them in the 
as long as it's in the same area and price range, i guess i can try it. please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on 
as long as it's in the same area and price range, i guess i can try it. please book it for 
as long as it's in the same area and price range, i guess i can try it. please book it for 6 people at 
can't wait to come party at one of your 
can you give me information on a restaurant called 
yes i'd like to book that for 1, starting 
yes i'd like to book that for 
yes i'd like to book that for 1, starting monday for 
i also need a train to 
i need a train form cambridge on 
i need a train form cambridge on monday arriving at leicester by 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that is 
i am actually looking for a lively 
i am also looking for an 
is there anything listed as simply "
hello, i'm looking for an expensive 
hello, i'm looking for an 
yes, can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on 
yes, can you please book a table for 
yes, can you please book a table for 1 for 
we will be in the 
i would like an 
i would like an indian food restaurant in the 
yes, please. i need a table for one at 17:00 on 
yes, please. i need a table for one at 
yes, please. i need a table for one at 
can you tell me if there is a concerthall in the same area as this restaurant, if not is there a 
okay, could you give me the entrance fee and phone number information for your favorite 
can you help me find a place to dine on the 
can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? something that's 
tell me about the 
just myself, at 14:30 on 
just myself, at 
just myself, at 
how about 
how about 
yes, i am also looking for information on trains going from 
yes, i am also looking for information on trains going from cambridge to 
i will be leaving on 
yes, i will need to be at bishops stortford before 
yes, i will need to be at 
oh, sorry about that! same as the restaurant, so just 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is 
sure, can we try 
yes please. but you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 17:30 on 
yes please. but you can go ahead at book it for 
yes please. but you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 
i'll also need a train from 
i want to get to 
i need to leave 
i need to leave sunday after 
can you book me 
i want a cheap, 
i want a 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes please, just for 1 on 
yes please, just for 
yes please, just for 1 on sunday at 
thanks. i'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the 
what's the address for 
what's the address for churchill 
i'd like to stay in the 
i would like it to be in the 
perfect. i'd like to book it from 
perfect. i'd like to book it from thursday for 
perfect. i'd like to book it from thursday for 
yes. i also need a train from 
yes. i also need a train from cambridge to 
i will be traveling on 
i need it to arrive by 
hello i need to go to cambridge and will be leaving on 
hello i need to go to cambridge and will be leaving on saturday from 
hello i need to go to 
yes, i would like to depart any time after 
i would also like to book a 
i would also like to book a 4 star 
yes, i'd like something in the 
yes, i'd like something in the north, and in the 
i need to book it for 
i need to book it for 6 people and 
i need to book it for 6 people and 
could you please find me somewhere to stay? i need a 
could you please find me somewhere to stay? i need a moderately priced 
i really like the 
is it a 
i also would like to find chinese food in the 
i also would like to find 
no, could you just reserve a table for 
no, could you just reserve a table for 4 at 
i need a restaurant serving swiss food in the 
i need a restaurant serving 
how about 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
i just need 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves 
yes. i'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best 
hello, can you recommend a 
hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 
yes, please book it for 
there are 
could you tell me if there is a multiple sports place in the 
could you tell me if there is a 
will you check for 
i guess i just need a phone number for 
i guess i just need a phone number for christ's 
i will be departing from cambridge and going into ely on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from cambridge and going into 
i would like to arrive in ely by 
i would like to arrive in 
i'm sorry, i just needed the train info. however, i need a place to stay in the 
is hamilton lodge located in the 
is 
yes i need to book it for 5 people. we will be staying 5 nights starting 
yes i need to book it for 
yes i need to book it for 
yes, is 
yes, is hamilton lodge a guesthouse or 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 
i'd like a train from cambridge to london liverpool street, arriving by 
i'd like a train from cambridge to london liverpool street, arriving by 21:30 on 
i'd like a train from 
i'd like a train from cambridge to 
no. could you please find me a restaurant in the center of town in the 
what are the 
can you tell me what colleges are open to tourists on the 
can you tell me what 
ok, can i get a phone number for the 
i'm also looking for a 
the restaurant should be in the same area as the attraction and in the the 
i would like a hotel on the 
i would like a 
i want the 
please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on 
please book that for 
please book that for 
i am looking for places to go in the 
is there a theater in the 
great, thanks. i also need a place to stay that is also in the 
great, thanks. i also need a place to stay that is also in the centre. a 
i would like the 4 star one. i need it starting 
i would like the 4 star one. i need it starting thursday for 4 nights and 
i would like the 
i would like the 
can you tell me where i can find an expensive 
can you tell me where i can find an 
i would prefer the city 
i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 6 people at 
hi. i am looking for information about a hotel called 
i need to leave from cambridge and go to broxbourne on 
i need to leave from 
i need to leave from cambridge and go to 
i need tickets for 
i need tickets for 4 people. i need something that leaves after 
i'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. i'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the 
thanks. can you help me find a 
i need it to be in the 
monday, for 
monday, for 4 people at 
do any of the swimming pools in the 
thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 
i would like the address to the 
what is the price range of the 
thanks, i'm also looking for places to go in town. i'm particularly interested in 
hi, i am looking for an attraction called 
hi, i am looking for an attraction called queen's 
im looking for a place to stay with a 
i would like something in the 
can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from 
can you book a room for 
can you book a room for 1 for 
how about in the 
i'd prefer a 
sure. that works for me. i need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on 
sure. that works for me. i need you to book it for 4 nights, 
sure. that works for me. i need you to book it for 
i would like the taxi to leave the hotel by 
hi, could you find me a train that leaves on 
hi, could you find me a train that leaves on thursday from 
i am headed to 
i am headed to cambridge. also, i will be out late the night prior so please nothing before 
thanks! i also need a place to stay with free parking and a 
i would prefer a hotel in the 
i'd like to find somewhere to eat in the 
yes, i was hoping for 
how about a 
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at 18:30 on 
pick one for me and book a table for 
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at 
could you also tell me if there are any trains available arriving in 
i am coming for birmingham new street, would like to arrive on 
i am traveling to cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and i am looking for a restaurant call 
yes please. can you make it for 7 people on 
yes please. can you make it for 
yes please. can you make it for 7 people on sunday at 
could we make it for 
sounds great, but i actually would prefer to maybe visit a 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i'm need a 
i'd really like to stay in a 
sure. can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting 
sure. can you book it for 
sure. can you book it for 5 people for 
thank you. i am also looking for a train that departs from 
thank you. i am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 
going to broxbourne on 
going to 
yes, it will. can you book 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i am looking for a 
how about the center in a 
yes, please. do they have any openings on 
yes, please. do they have any openings on monday at 17:45? there will be 
yes, please. do they have any openings on monday at 
hmm, well ok. how about at 
i need a train to stevenage on 
i need a train to 
much later, i can't leave any earlier than 
thank you. can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is expensive. i would like free wifi and in the 
thank you. can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is 
thank you. can you help me find a hotel that has 
i would like to book that for one person for two nights starting 
hi, i am looking for a 
hi, i am looking for a cheap 
i don't mind what type of hotel. but it needs to be in the 
yes, please book it for 
starting from 
thanks can i also get a restaurant? i am looking for one in the 
thanks can i also get a restaurant? i am looking for one in the centre of town serving 
no, but i will need a taxi to the restaurant. i'll need to get from the 
no, but i will need a taxi to the restaurant. i'll need to get from the alexander b&b to 
no, but i will need a taxi to the restaurant. i'll need to get from the alexander b&b to little seoul, leaving the hotel at 
i need a place to stay in the 
i think i'd like 
we will arrive on 
we will arrive on tuesday and stay for 4 nights. there will be 
we will arrive on tuesday and stay for 
great, thank you! we will also want to try a moderately priced 
great, thank you! we will also want to try a 
how about one in the 
yes, please! i need a table for 2 on 
yes, please! i need a table for 
yes, please! i need a table for 2 on tuesday at 
i need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 
i need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 16:15. it will pick me up at 
i'm looking for a 
i ant a place with a rating of at l
i ant a place with a rating of at least 
i ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars, a 
can you suggest another place, is there a hotel with 
yes. i want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes. i want to book one for 
yes. i want to book one for 5 people and 
hello, i am trying to find a hotel located in the 
hello, i am trying to find a 
is there a 4 star hotel available in the 
is there a 
is there a 4 star 
sure, let's go with the 
i am interested in finding local 
i also need a place to stay and should be a 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
the price doesn't matter. but i need a reservation starting on 
anywhere is fine, it just needs to be 
it will be dinner for 
no actually i don;t need a reservation. i just need to find a hotel that is a guesthouse with free parking, and in the east and 
i need to book a train that departs after 14:30 from 
i need to book a train that departs after 
i need a train to 
i'll be leaving broxbourne 
i'll be leaving 
i don't need to book right now. could you just give me the train id. i'll need one that leaves after 14:30 
i don't need to book right now. could you just give me the train id. i'll need one that leaves after 
yes, im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 
yes, im looking for a 
no preference on either. can you recommend me a place and can i get a postcode for that 
im looking for places to go in cambridge , near 
im looking for places to go in cambridge , near east part of town and a 
no, i need to stay in the 
i don't have a food preference type. i just want something 
anything that is available for 6 people on 
anything that is available for 
anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 
can you try 
i'm looking for a train going to 
i'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
no thanks, i need one going from 
no thanks, i need one going from cambridge to 
yes please for 
thank you. i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
the hotel should be in the 
great. i need to make a reservation for 
it will be 2 nights and for 
it will be 
yes please. i would like it for one person for 
hi there. i heard someone mention the 
i'd like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on 
i'd like to make a reservation for 
i'd like to make a reservation for 6 at 
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
hi, i'm looking for a 
do you know of any restaurants that offer 
do you know of any restaurants that offer italian food that is 
i changed my mind. could you find a restaurant that serves 
wednesday at 
how about 
i would also like to go to a museum nearby in the 
i would also like to go to a 
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
okay, i'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring 
okay, i'd like to book 
okay, i'd like to book 8 people for 
yes it should be, is the one booked departing from 
yes, i need to book my train. i need it to arrive by 
yes. i will need 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
does that 
actually, i also need a 
well, everyone said it s my choice, so i think i would like 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 
no, sorry. i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm also looking for a 
i could really go for some italian food - is there a good place in the city 
i could really go for some 
no price range but can you check in the 
yes. luncheon for 7 at 12:45 this 
yes. luncheon for 
yes. luncheon for 7 at 
i was looking for a 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves 
how about 
i'd like to stick to a 
actually, the area doesn't matter. i just need a 4-star hotel in the 
actually, the area doesn't matter. i just need a 
i really would like a 
can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the 
can you double check for a 
can you double check for a 4 star 
there is no certain area but i'd prefer a 
i apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. i would like it to have free parking, be 4 star, 
i apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. i would like it to have free parking, be 
great, can you please book it for me? there will be 
i will be arriving on 
can you recommend a restaurant in the city 
can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves 
then how about one that serves 
do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on 
do they have booking available for 
do they have booking available for 3 people at 
good day. i'm headed into town and i need help finding a 
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be in the 
okay, i'll try it out! book me for 6 people, 2 nights starting this 
okay, i'll try it out! book me for 
okay, i'll try it out! book me for 6 people, 
thank you. yes, i also need to find a moderately priced 
thank you. yes, i also need to find a 
i would refer in the center and as long as it's 
yes, let's go for the one in regent street city 
yes, let's go for the one in regent street city centre. it will be on 
yes, let's go for the one in regent street city centre. it will be on monday, at 19:15, and there will be 
yes, let's go for the one in regent street city centre. it will be on monday, at 
i am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is 
i need a train from 
i need a train from stansted airport to 
i need to get there by 
i need to get there by 20:30 on 
there will be 
i also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 
i also need a 
any price point is fine as long as it is 
what sort of dining does cambridge offer in the 
what sort of dining does cambridge offer in the centre, in the 
i would like some 
how about somewhere with 
tuesday please at 18:15 for 
tuesday please at 
i 'd like to find a 
that sounds perfect. can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on 
that sounds perfect. can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on tuesday for 
i would like to get a hotel room that is in the 
i would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced 
yes please. book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes please. book it for 
yes please. book it for 8 people for 
ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from 
ok, let's try it for 
we would like to eat near the hotel, something 
darn, okay, how about 
yes please. can i make the reservation for 
yes please. can i make the reservation for monday at 19:00 for 
yes please. can i make the reservation for monday at 
i am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
are there any 
sure, a 
sure, a turkish restaurant in the 
yes, book me the anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on 
yes, book me the anatolia for 
yes, book me the anatolia for 8 people at 
i need a place to go in the 
i am looking for an attraction in the 
great. i need to find a place to eat too that has indian food near the 
great. i need to find a place to eat too that has 
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 
can you help me find a train leaving after 18:00 on 
can you help me find a train leaving after 
i want to leave after 18:00 to broxbourne from 
i want to leave after 18:00 to 
i want to leave after 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
no but it needs to be a 
please, for 
please, for 7 people, 
please, for 7 people, 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from 
i'll be traveling on 
i'll be traveling on monday, and yes, i'm going to 
arrive by 
arrive by 09:30 and should go to 
not right now, but can you find me a gastropub restaurant in the 
not right now, but can you find me a 
i would like an 
sounds good. can you reserve a table for 
sounds good. can you reserve a table for 6 at 
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i need a 
yes, i'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
thanks! now could you make a reservation for me? i need a table for 1 on 
thanks! now could you make a reservation for me? i need a table for 
thanks! now could you make a reservation for me? i need a table for 1 on saturday at 
how about 
how about 
can you find me attractions in the 
could you provide me the address of 
yes, i also need a moderately priced gastropub in the 
yes, i also need a moderately priced 
yes, i also need a 
i need it for four people on 
i need it for four people on thursday, at 
i'm looking for a polish restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
hmmm, i do need something cheap. are you sure there are no 
well, let's try the 
i need a table for 6 people at 11:30 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 6 people at 
let's do the 
i need a place to stay that is 
i would like a 
could you help me choose a train running from 
could you help me choose a train running from stansted airport to 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on sunday 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i would like a 3 star hotel in the 
i would like a 
i would like a 3 star 
yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting 
can you help me find a place to go in the 
sounds good, thanks! i'm also looking for information about a restaurant called 
book it for 14:30 on 
book it for 14:30 on wednesday for 
book it for 
hi, i'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes please. a table for 2 at 15:30 on 
yes please. a table for 
yes please. a table for 2 at 
yes. i'd also like to go to a 
could you give me some details for 
no, that sounds wonderful. can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on 
no, that sounds wonderful. can you book a room for me for 
price doesn't matter but would like a 4 star hotel in the 
price doesn't matter but would like a 
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from 
that is not a issue. book it for 
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 
thanks. can you give me some information about 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 at 12:00 on 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 at 
i would love a 
no the area doesn't matter, and i know this sounds strange but i'm looking for a guesthouse with a 
no the area doesn't matter, and i know this sounds strange but i'm looking for a 
could you possible check in the surrounding areas? i might as well also get a list of 
could you possible check in the surrounding areas? i might as well also get a list of 2 star rated 
yes i would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from 
yes i would like to book it for 4 nights for 
yes i would like to book it for 
great thanks i also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 
i want to leave the hotel by 
somewhere in the 
please send info on 
i need to find a train leaving 
i need to find a train leaving cambridge after 
that will be london king's cross, and i'll be travelling on 
yes, i need 
i also need a hotel. do 
i need something in the 
that would be fine. can you book that for the same group of people for 
i need a place to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the 
that's perfect, i was looking for a 
yes i need a cheap restaurant in the cambridge area on the 
yes i need a 
okay can you book me a table for 
okay can you book me a table for saturday at 19:45 for 
okay can you book me a table for saturday at 
yes, i also need a place to stay. i would prefer at least 
i would like the place to have the same price range as the restaurant, so 
i would prefer one that has free parking and a star rating of 
saturday at 
my cousin told me about a place called 
anything is good as long as it is in the 
i would like something 
i've never had 
i'd like it to include free parking and be in the 
you certainly can, thank you. i will be the only guest and i'd like to check in for 2 nights starting 
you certainly can, thank you. i will be the only guest and i'd like to check in for 
yes, 
yes, 
hello. i need to book a train ride from 
hello. i need to book a train ride from ely going to 
i'll be leaving on 
i'll be leaving on saturday after 
thank you. i'd also like to find a 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the north area in the 
i would like a 
what is the address for the 
what is the address for the ashley 
the 
i need it for four people and four nights starting 
lets try 
i want to find an expensive 
i want to find an 
i'd like the restaurant to be in the 
what is the postal code for the 
ok, great thanks. can you also help me find a train going to 
sorry, i'm looking for a train to stevenage arriving by 
sorry, i'm looking for a train to stevenage arriving by 14:00 on 
sorry, i'm looking for a train to 
yes i would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the 
yes i would like to find a restaurant that is in the 
italian. would you reserve a table for 5 for me? i'd like that to be at 14:00 on 
italian. would you reserve a table for 
italian. would you reserve a table for 5 for me? i'd like that to be at 
i'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train leaving 
i would like to go to stevenage by 
i would like to go to 
yes please book it for 
somewhere in the 
somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and 
somewhere in the north, with 
can you try those same things but in the 
yes, could i book one for 4 nights starting from 
yes, could i book one for 
yes, could i book one for 
i would like to find a restuarant called 
yes. i need a reservation for 6 people on 
yes. i need a reservation for 
yes. i need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 
yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for 
i am also looking for some information about 
i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 3 on 
not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 
not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 3 on tuesday. at 
hi, could you help me find a train departing from 
i'll be going to cambridge on 
i'll be going to 
i'd like to arrive by 
get me the price. also find me a 4 star hotel in the 
get me the price. also find me a 
get me the price. also find me a 4 star 
what about a guesthouse in the 
what about a 
i am trying to find the 
no thank you. could you tell me if there is anything to do on the 
i want a place with 
ok, how about a place with 
hello, is 
i'm sorry. i don't need a hotel. i do need to make a reservation for a table at panahar for 
i'm sorry. i don't need a hotel. i do need to make a reservation for a table at 
13:30, 
13:30, wednesday, 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should be a 
really? there are no 
in the 
i would like a cheap place to stay at with 
are there any 
yes, i want that from 
yes, i want that from sunday on for 4 nights. 
yes, i want that from sunday on for 
yes, i want that from sunday on for 
i need information on the 
before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the 
what is the entrance fee for the 
i am looking for a 
i prefer 
i would like to visit a 
great, thanks! also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 
hello, can you recommend a hotel in the 
hello, can you recommend a 
are either of those guesthouses in the 
are either of those 
book ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from 
book ashley hotel for 
book ashley hotel for 2 people and 
book 
i also need a taxi to between the 2 places. i need to leave 
i also need a taxi to between the 2 places. i need to leave milton county park by 
looking for an 
are there any in the 
what is the phone number and post code of 
can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves 
can you help me find a very 
how about an 
i would like an expensive 
i would like an 
i would like to leave by 
are there any colleges in the 
are there any 
i want to eat some 
i want to eat some traditional food, i'm on a budget so it needs to be 
how about trying 
yeah, could i book a table for 3 on 
yeah, could i book a table for 
yeah, could i book a table for 3 on saturday at 
i need information on the 
okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves 
are there any that serve 
can you help me find a train leaving 
can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from peterborough after 
depart from 
depart from peterborough and should leave after 
great, i also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the 
great, i also need an idea of hotels that are 
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from 
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 4 people and 
i need help finding a hotel called 
yes please. the reservation is for 1 person. the reservation should be for 2 nights beginning on 
yes please. the reservation is for 
yes please. the reservation is for 1 person. the reservation should be for 
how about for only 
how about for only 
great i also need a place to eat in the 
great i also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the 
yes, i'd love to eat somewhere that serves 
i need info on a train that'll take me to 
i need info on a train that'll take me to cambridge and leave 
yes, i need to arrive no later than 
no i do need a place to stay in the 
no but i would prefer a guesthouse with a 
no but i would prefer a 
i need to book the room for 2 people for 2 nights, starting on 
i need to book the room for 
i need to book the room for 
can you help me find a train leaving on 
can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to 
departing from 
departing from broxbourne and leaving after 
thanks. i am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the 
thanks. i am also looking for an 
yes, for 4 nights from 
yes, for 4 nights from thursday, and 
yes, for 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the 
i am looking for a 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves 
ok, how about an 
what is the phone number for 
i need a place to eat in the 
i'm interested in 
i will choose the 
sure. i'd like it for 11:45 on 
sure. i'd like it for 11:45 on thursday. there will be 
sure. i'd like it for 
as long as it's 
i am looking for a place to eat that's in the 
i am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves 
i need the address, post code and price range for the 
thanks i also need a train going to stevenage on 
thanks i also need a train going to 
well, i'd like to get there by 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a 
could you look for 
can i get the address and phone number of 
hi. i would like help finding an 
east or 
i am looking for something expensive. if the taj is expensive i would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on 
i am looking for something expensive. if the taj is expensive i would like to make a reservation there for 
i am looking for something expensive. if the taj is expensive i would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on thursday at 
i am looking for something expensive. if the 
i am looking for something 
yes could you also find me information on things to do in town that involve 
i would like the 
do they have any cheap places to stay on the 
do they have any 
i was thinking a guesthouse on the 
i was thinking a 
i can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a 
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from 
that is fine. book for 
that is fine. book for 8 people and 
wait! i forgot something. can you also tell me about a place called 
yes, of course, how could i forget?! i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i would like to stay in the 
i prefer a 
how much is each 
pick one for me. book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from 
pick one for me. book it for 
pick one for me. book it for 1 person for 
i am also looking for a train departing from 
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to 
i'd like to leave on 
i'd like to leave on monday after 
i'm looking for a train headed to 
i'm looking for a train headed to cambridge that leaves after 
i will leave from 
i will leave from cambridge to 
no, sorry, i had that backwards. i need a train from kings lynn to cambridge on 
no, sorry, i had that backwards. i need a train from 
no, sorry, i had that backwards. i need a train from kings lynn to 
no, sorry, i had that backwards. i need a train from kings lynn to cambridge on monday after 
i'd also like to find an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'd also like to find an 
in the 
2 people, on 
2 people, on monday at 
i want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the 
i want to find a 
i would like to try some 
lets change it to 
that sounds good. can you book it for 
that sounds good. can you book it for sunday at 13:30 for 
that sounds good. can you book it for sunday at 
as long as they are moderate priced. the 
as long as they are 
i want to find a restaurant serving 
yes, 
what are some nice, 
i would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 1 at 
i would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on tuesday at the 
is that one 
sounds great! please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on 
sounds great! please book a 4 night stay for 
i would like to get the taxi to get me there by 
i would like a cheap 
i would like a 
the 
is there one with 
any expensive indian food in the 
any expensive 
any 
yes please. for 
yes please. for monday at 12:00 for 
yes please. for monday at 
hi! i'm looking for a 
no particular area, but i'd like it to be a 
i need to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting 
i need to book for 
i need to book for 3 people for 
thanks, i also need to find a train for 
i need to go to london kings cross from 
i need to go to 
i would like to leave after 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
that would be great. there will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on 
that would be great. there will be 
that would be great. there will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on saturday for 
i am looking for a place to eat. do you know any places in the 
i am looking for a place to eat. do you know any places in the centre of town with a 
i would like the restaurant to serve 
i would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 2 at 
i would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on thursday at 
thank you. can you also find me an 
are there any nightclubs in the 
i need to arrive 
are there any 
i would like a place that serves 
that sounds just delightful! i would like a reservation for two at 20:00 for 
that sounds just delightful! i would like a reservation for two at 
that sounds just delightful! i would like a reservation for two at 
i would also like to book a train to 
i'll be leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in 
hi! i'm looking for a restaurant called 
please book a table for 
sunday at 
in the type of guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights 
in the type of guesthouse, 
is there a 
yes. i need it booked for 4 people on 
yes. i need it booked for 
i would like to stay in the 
i need a train leaving on 
i need a train leaving on saturday after 
i am departing from 
i am departing from stevenage and going to 
after 
the train should go to cambridge and should depart from stevens. once you find the train you want to make a booking for 
the train should go to 
i think i would be interested in the 17:54 and i need to book it for 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves north american food, in the 
yes. that would be great. make it for 
yes. that would be great. make it for saturday for 
yes. that would be great. make it for saturday for 8 people at 
i am looking for a train from 
i am looking for a train from stevenage to 
i am looking to arrive by 
yes could you please book that for me for 
thank you! i also am looking for a place to eat at in the 
thank you! i also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. i would prefer a nice 
is there any place to eat that serves 
i would like it to be in the 
yes please book it for 8 people on 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at 
can you suggest one that has an 
yes, please book a table for 8 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 8 on tuesday at 
have you ever heard of 
yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 6 people for 
i am also looking for a train leaving after 
i will be departing 
i will be departing stansted airport and arriving in 
yes, please book it for 
hi, i'm looking for a particular attraction. it's called 
yes, i actually need a place to stay. i'd prefer somewhere in the 
i would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the 
i would like for it to have a 
i'll be staying at the 
i'd like to leave by 
i need a place to go, something interesting to see. i was thinking maybe a 
thank you. can you also help me find a restaurant? i think the name is 
yes please. i would like the reservation to be at 17:00 for one person on 
yes please. i would like the reservation to be at 
yes please. i would like the reservation to be at 
can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the 
can you recommend me a restaurant in the 
could you recommend a local 
yes, i would like those in the 
yes, i would like those in the south of town in the 
great. please book it for 5 nights starting 
great. please book it for 
could you book it for 
i am looking for a train that leaves after 18:45 and goes to 
i am looking for a train that leaves after 
i need it to leave on 
i need it to leave on sunday from 
that would be fine. can you book that for 
thank you. i also need a place to dine in the 
thank you. i also need a place to dine in the centre area that serves 
no, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the 
i would like to go to a museum in the 
i would like to go to a 
lets try the 
i'm sorry i do want to stay at a 
yes. i'd like the attraction to be located in the 
ah, so sorry, i am looking for a 
okay. i also need a place to stay that is 
yes please. can you book that for 3 nights starting 
yes please. can you book that for 3 nights starting friday for 
yes please. can you book that for 
hi, could you find me a 
that one sounds good. can i book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
that one sounds good. can i book it for 
that one sounds good. can i book it for 8 people for 
i want to leave cambridge on 
i want to leave 
i want to leave cambridge on monday after 
yes. please reserve seats for 
let's book a train, i'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 
let's book a train, i'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. lets look for something on 
let's book a train, i'll be departing from 
let's book a train, i'll be departing from cambridge and going to 
we're not picky, please book any train arriving in broxbourne by 
we're not picky, please book any train arriving in broxbourne by 19:00 for 
we're not picky, please book any train arriving in 
thanks! now i need to find a 
what about one that serves 
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on 
yes, i need a table for 
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 
hi , can you recommend an inexpensive 
how about 
great, thanks. can you also recommend a hotel in the 
can i book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on 
can i book it for 
can i book it for 8 people for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
yes thank you, i would like a star rating of 
yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 
yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 
yes, for 8 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, for 
yes, for 8 people and 
i need to take a train from cambridge on 
i need to take a train from 
i will be traveling to 
i will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after 
no thank you. i am looking for a place to stay though. what 
i will also need a 
any will do. i need it for 
i just told you i need it for 
i just told you i need it for 6 people. and it'll be for 
i just told you i need it for 6 people. and it'll be for 
yes for 
i need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting 
i need it for 
i need it for 6 people for 
i need it for 6 people for 
please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on 
please book for 
please book for 6 people staying for 
please book for 6 people staying for 
no. thank you for helping me with the train and 
hmm, i'm not sure. can you pick one for me? i need it to be in the city 
can you find a restaurant by the name of 
yes please 6 people, at 14:45 on 
yes please 
yes please 6 people, at 
hi. i'm looking for a 
i need something that's in the 
i'd like something 
i'd like something moderately priced, with a 
i would prefer to stay in the 
yes, i'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 
yes, i'm open to a 
i am going to cambridge and arrive by 
i am going to 
ok, i do need a hotel after all. i need 3 stars and it should be 
ok, i do need a hotel after all. i need 
i am looking for a place to stay with a 
i want to be in a 
can you find me a hotel in the 
can you find me a hotel in the south with a 
can you find me a 
please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book for 
please book for 6 people and 
is there another 
howdy! i'd like to go to a 
can you recommend an 
can you recommend an expensive 
i'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 0 star 
how about one in the 
is that in the 
can i book for 8 people for 3 nights starting 
can i book for 8 people for 
can i book for 
looks like there's some confusion. i need the hotel on 
looks like there's some confusion. i need the hotel on tuesday, for 3 nights, and 
looks like there's some confusion. i need the hotel on tuesday, for 3 nights, and 8 people. if that doesn't work, try 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the expensive range with a 
how about one with a 
the one in the 
great, thanks! also, will you please find me a train that goes to ely, leaving on 
great, thanks! also, will you please find me a train that goes to 
i need to leave after 
yes please. book it fror 
hi, i'm looking for an expensive hotel in the 
hi, i'm looking for an 
hi, i'm looking for an expensive 
does that 
i do not need any free parking. is there any expensive hotel in the 
i do 
i do not need any free parking. is there any 
i do not need any free parking. is there any expensive hotel in the south with 
i do not need any free parking. is there any expensive 
okay, i need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting 
okay, i need to book it for seven people 
thank you! i also need to book a train to 
i need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 
i need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 11:30. i will depart from 
i need a train going to 
i will need that for 
yes, please book this train for 
hi! i would like to find a 
the area is not too important, honestly. but i would like it to be a hotel and have a 
the area is not too important, honestly. but i would like it to be a 
yes, please! book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, please! book it for 
yes, please! book it for 7 people and 
can you help me find a 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like it to be in the north with a 
is there any expensive 
is there any 
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on 
can i get a booking for 
can i get a booking for 8 people at 
yes, i also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does 
yes, i also need a place to stay a 
no i need a hotel in the 
i also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 
i just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 
i am looking for places to go in town like a college in the 
i am looking for places to go in town like a 
great. are there any restaurants that serve 
yes please, i'd like a table for 2 at 18:45 on 
yes please, i'd like a table for 
yes please, i'd like a table for 2 at 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an indian restaurant that is in a 
i prefer one in the 
i prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on 
i prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 
i prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 
are those going to cambridge? because i really really need to arrive by 
are those going to 
hi, i'm looking for information on cinemas in cambridge. could you tell what my options are in the 
hi, i'm looking for information on 
is there a park in the 
is there a 
excellent, may i have the address for that 
yes please, can i also look for a 
yes please, can i also look for a cheap 
it should include free wifi and should be in the 
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 
i would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the 
i would like a place to eat in the 
great, could you send me the postcode to 
also i want to go see some 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that serves 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that serves spanish food and is 
for 6 people at 14:15 on 
for 
for 6 people at 
can you also find me a 
i would like the 
i need the address and postcode of the 
i'm looking for a place to eat 
yes, how about a restaurant that serves 
i'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. the area doesn't matter. i just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on 
i'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. the area doesn't matter. i just need one that is available for 
i'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. the area doesn't matter. i just need one that is available for 3 people at 
i'm sorry, but the price range should be 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for one that serves 
i am looking for one that serves portuguese food and is 
yes please. we would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on 
yes please. we would like a table for 
yes please. we would like a table for 2 at 
i am looking for the 
can you find me somewhere to stay in the 
i think the expensive one will do nicely. may i have the postcode, 
yes, i need some help looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be located in the 
yes, i need some help looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more 
yes, 
can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on 
can you check to see if they have booking available for 
can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 
yes, look it up and book me for 
please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace. this is for 8 people at 19:45 on 
please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace. this is for 
please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace. this is for 8 people at 
please book any 
i need to find a 
anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a 
anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 
anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star 
you are totally certain there isn't a single 
you are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 
you are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced 
the acorn will do. can you please book me a room for 
the acorn will do. can you please book me a room for monday for 
the acorn will do. can you please book me a room for monday for 3 people, 
the 
can you try 
great i also am looking for a place to go that is a 
i want to leave the gallery by 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
im looking for food its name is called 
i also looking for a train. the train should depart from kings lynn and should leave on 
i also looking for a train. the train should depart from 
to cambridge and should arrive by 
to 
not yet. what time does tr8705 leave 
hello, i'm traveling to cambridge from stansted airport on 
hello, i'm traveling to cambridge from 
hello, i'm traveling to 
i would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to depart stansted airport 
i would like to depart 
i would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in 
no, instead i'd like to find a gastropub restaurant in the 
no, instead i'd like to find a 
i want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, i would like it to be 
i want to stay in a 
no preference. can you book me a room for 5 nights starting 
no preference. can you book me a room for 5 nights starting monday for 
i need it to arrive by 15:45 in cambridge on 
i need it to arrive by 
i need it to arrive by 15:
i am looking for a train that will take me to 
i am looking for a train that will take me to cambridge from 
i need to leave after 17:00 on 
i need to leave after 
thanks, i also need a place to dine that is 
i would prefer it in the 
yes 
are there any cheap restaurants that serve 
are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve 
how about a good 
that sounds good to me! can you please book a table for one at 11:15 on 
that sounds good to me! can you please book a table for one at 
that sounds good to me! can you please book a table for one at 
i am going to be staying in 
i am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a 
oh, i have heard of that. is in in the 
oh, i have heard of that. is in in the north part of town? i am looking for a place in the 
no, i'm sorry, i should have specified. i need a 
are you sure? i need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the 
are you sure? i need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the 
are you sure? i need a 4-star, 
are you sure? i need a 
are you sure? i need a 4-star, moderately-priced 
i'm definitely open to a 
thanks. are there any 
what about something to do with 
great, i will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 
great! can you book a room there for 5 nights? there will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on 
great! can you book a room there for 5 nights? there will be 
great! can you book a room there for 
i would also like to eat some 
okay, then how about an expensive mediterranean food restaurant in the 
okay, then how about an expensive 
okay, then how about an 
give me the phone number and address for 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from finches bed and breakfast to 
i want to leave the hotel by 
something in the 
any one of them is fine. please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting from 
any one of them is fine. please book for 
any one of them is fine. please book for 5 people and 
yes i also need to find a restaurant in the 
i need a train on 
i need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in 
i am departing from london kings cross and need to arrive by 
i am departing from 
please book it for 
great! can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the 
great! can you also find me a 
i'm look for a train leaving 
i want to travel to kings lynn on 
i want to travel to 
i need to arrive by 
no thank you, could you find me a 
no thank you, could you find me a 4 star 
in the moderate price range, near the 
in the 
can you help me find a indian restaurant in the 
can you help me find a 
can you book a reservation for 8 at 14:45 on 
can you book a reservation for 
can you book a reservation for 8 at 
nevermind - i don't need the taxis after all. can you help me find a place called 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 4 star 
the hotel also needs to be 
let's try 5 nights, starting 
let's try 5 nights, starting friday, with 
let's try 
yes, i am looking for something to do during my stay. i'd like it to be around the 
are there any colleges in the 
find me train times from 
find me train times from cambridge to 
wednesday, please. any time after 
thank you. please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the 
thank you. please also find me a 
thank you. please also find me a moderately priced 
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 
please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on 
please book for 2 nights, for 
please book for 
do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the 
do you have another hotel that's 
do you have another 
how about a 
how about a cheap 
book for i people for 2 nights starting 
book for i people for 
hello, i'm looking for a 
hello, i'm looking for a 4 star 
is that place 
thanks! i'm also looking for an architecture type place in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for an 
how about 
i need a train from 
i need a train from norwich leaving after 
does it leave at that time on 
going to 
please get me the reference number.i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the center and should serve 
perfect. i'd like a table for 7 at 18:00 
perfect. i'd like a table for 
perfect. i'd like a table for 7 at 
if there isn't a table for 
what day was it booked for? 
i'm looking for a place to stay when i visit cambridge. i want to stay at a 
i'm looking for a place to stay when i visit cambridge. i want to stay at a 4 star 
i'd like some place on the 
i do not. i would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on 
i do not. i would like to book the cheapest one for 
i do not. i would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 
i do not. i would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 
thank you! can you also help me with a train please? i need a train departing cambridge on 
i need to arrive 
i actually need to arrive in leicester on monday by 
i actually need to arrive in leicester on 
i actually need to arrive in leicester on monday by 17:45 out of 
i actually need to arrive in 
hi. can you help me find an 
i would like something with 
i would like something with 4 or 
yes, for myself and 4 nights starting 
yes, for myself and 
yes, for myself and 
i need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. i want to arrive at least by 
i need a train ticket from 
i need a train ticket from cambridge to 
i will be traveling on 
arrive by 
arrive by 21:1
i need a 
i am not particular about the area. is there a hotel available that has a 
i am not particular about the area. is there a 
yes,book me the one on the 
i'd like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting 
i'd like it for 
i'd like it for 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that is expensive and also in the 
i need a restaurant in cambridge that is 
does bedouin serve 
does 
are there any 
great! i'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 17:15 on 
great! i'd like to make a reservation for 
great! i'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 
i'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 
i'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from 
i'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from norwich (going to 
i'm sorry i mean to say 
i am looking a hotel to stay in. could you find me one on the more 
i'm not sure yet, but i'll probably only need one room. i forgot to mention, the hotel needs to be located in the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
i am looking for a place to dine near the 
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves 
i would like an 
how about 
i'm also looking for a train to cambridge on 
i'm also looking for a train to 
i'd like to depart from 
i'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after 
yes, please. there are 
i need information on the 
i need a four star 
i would like it to be in the 
unfortunately i need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. do you have one that is not in the 
unfortunately i need a hotel that is 
unfortunately i need a 
yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from 
yes, that would be fine. 
yes, that would be fine. 
yes, that would be fine. 
would you try for 
would you try for 2 nights instead? and, what is the name of the 
that's fine, thank you. i also need help with a train leaving 
that's fine, thank you. i also need help with a train leaving cambridge and going to 
i just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to london kings cross on 
i just want to leave after 16:45 going from 
i just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to 
i just want to leave after 
need a place to eat in the 
need a place to eat in the south of town that has 
how about one with 
can i book a table for three people at 19:30 on 
can i book a table for three people at 19:
can i book a table for three people at 
another 
can you try 18:
can you try 
i also need a place to stay. i would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 
please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting 
please book it for 
how about 
what kind of places are there to go to in the 
oh! i bet my boyfriend would love an 
we are also needing a place to stay. it's preferable that it's also in the 
we are also needing a place to stay. it's preferable that it's also in the west and has a 
nothing too expensive but at least a 
sure, we will have 5 people staying 2 nights starting 
sure, we will have 
sure, we will have 5 people staying 
where can i get 
how about 
i'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on 
i'm looking for a train that departs 
yes, i'll be going to cambridge, and i need to arrive by 
yes, i'll be going to 
any of those would be fine, i will be booking for 
great, thanks a lot. can you also help me find a good restaurant in the 
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i need a 
can i just double check something? is the jinlin 
can i just double check something? is the jinlin noodle bar 
please book there for 6 people on 
please book there for 
please book there for 6 people on friday at 
i am looking for an 
i'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves 
i'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is 
i'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the 
i'm looking for something with a 
are there any restaurants that serve 
im leaving 
im leaving cambridge at 
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from 
nevermind, i'm going to 
actually, i am traveling on tuesday. i need to leave after norwich after 15:45. i need a booking for 
actually, i am traveling on 
actually, i am traveling on tuesday. i need to leave after 
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to cambridge on 
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from 
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to 
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 
i need some information on the 
sounds nice. can you book a room for 2 nights for me? there will be 2 of us, coming in on 
sounds nice. can you book a room for 
sounds nice. can you book a room for 
could you try for 
i will be leaving 
i am coming in to cambridge from ely i need it to arrive by 
i am coming in to 
i am coming in to cambridge from 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the west and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
no, i need a 
i need to find a chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the 
i need to find a 
nah, just book me a table at your favorite! i need it at 12:45 on 
nah, just book me a table at your favorite! i need it at 12:45 on thursday. table for 
nah, just book me a table at your favorite! i need it at 
is it a guesthouse or a 
i need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on 
i need to book for 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 
i want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. i need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,
hi, i am looking for a concerthall in the 
hi, i am looking for a 
let's check for a 
please book the 
please book the 
i'd like crossover food in the expensive range, and located in the same area as the 
i would like it to be 
sure, let's try 
sure, let's try chinese then please. and i'd also like the restaurant to be 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 5 at 
thank you. i didn't get an address and postcode for 
thank you. i didn't get an address and postcode for cambridge 
thank you. i didn't get an address and postcode for cambridge 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel called 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i need to book a room for 4 starting on 
i need to book a room for 
i need to book a room for 
i need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called 
i stayed at 
do you have another 
the 
thanks! i also need to find an expensive 
thanks! i also need to find an 
area, no, just that it's expensive and 
area, no, just that it's 
i'd like to leave the restaurant at 
yes i am looking for one called peking restaurant. i'd like a reservation for 8 on 
yes i am looking for one called peking restaurant. i'd like a reservation for 
yes i am looking for one called 
put me down for 
i want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at 
i need some place fun to go on the 
i would like to stay in a 
i need a 
yes please book it 
yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 
yes please book it monday, 
yes please book it monday, 
i need to go from the 
i need to go from the hobson house to 
i need to go from the hobson house to whale of a time. i need to leave the hotel at 
i'm looking for a train. i want it to go to stevenage and leave from 
i'm looking for a train. i want it to go to 
it should leave 
okay, thank you for that information. i also need to find a 
anything cheap in the 
anything 
actually, book the table for 6 people on 
actually, book the table for 
actually, book the table for 6 people on tuesday at 
yes i would like to book the gonville hotel for 3 nights for 6 people starting from 
yes i would like to book the gonville hotel for 3 nights for 
i am looking for some 
no thank you what about a 
tuesday. i want a place to stay that is 
tuesday. i want a place to stay that is expensive, 
thanks, i just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting 
thanks, i just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 
thanks, i just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 
thanks, i just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 
give me something 
area of town doesn't matter, but i would like to try 
how about a 
i am needing to find a place to stay. i would like something 4 star rated and 
the 
book for 2 people and 4 nights from 
book for 
book for 2 people and 
book for 2 people and 
i would be leaving the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is 
i'm craving some 
yes please, 1 person on 
yes please, 
yes please, 1 person on sunday at 
i've heard some buzz about the 
i'd like to book this hotel. i need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on 
i'd like to book this hotel. i need a room for 
i'd like to book this hotel. i need a room for 4 people for 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
yes, that sounds good. could you book it for me on 
yes, that sounds good. could you book it for me on saturday at 
yes another 
can you recommend a restaurant that serves 
can you recommend a restaurant that serves corsica food in the 
can you try 
any area is fine. could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? we're looking for something at 18:45 on 
any area is fine. could you book a table for 
any area is fine. could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? we're looking for something at 
now find me a stay in the 
now find me a stay in the east and should have a star of 
i'm not concerened about pricing, but i would like a 4 start hotel in the 
i'm not concerened about pricing, but i would like a 
it's name is called the 
yes, i need a 
ashley hotel is fine. can you book a room for me starting from 
ashley hotel is fine. can you book a room for me starting from saturday for 
ashley hotel is fine. can you book a room for me starting from saturday for 
ashley 
i would like to stay in a 
i would like to stay in a 4 star rated 
i'm not concerned with price, but we really would like to stay on the 
yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? i'm interested in some nightclubs in the 
yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? i'm interested in some 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to stay. can you recommend a hotel on the 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to stay. can you recommend a 
i'm looking for a 
stars dont matter. can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting 
stars dont matter. can please book this for 
stars dont matter. can please book this for 5 people, 
i'd like to leave on monday and arrive by 
i'd like to leave on 
i would like to leave in the 
i want to arrive as clsoe to 
i want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on 
can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? oh, almost forgot. does the 
i would like a 
actually, i'd like one in 
actually, i'd like one in south part of town. is 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
can i make a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on 
can i make a reservation for 
can i make a reservation for 5 people at 
i would prefer to stay in the 
a guesthouse would be nice, i am trying to stay in the affordable but not cheap range. do you have anything that is 
a 
yes. i need to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes. i need to book it for 
hi. i'm looking for an italian restaurant in the 
hi. i'm looking for an 
definitely 
please just book a cheap italian one for me in the 
please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre, i need it for 8 people at 13:45 on 
please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre, i need it for 
please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre, i need it for 8 people at 
please just book a cheap 
please just book a 
hello, i'm trying to find a train leaving on 
hello, i'm trying to find a train leaving on friday after 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from broxbourne on my way to 
i am not particular about what time we arrive provided we leave after 
i am also looking for a place to dine in the 
i am also looking for a place to dine in the north area that has a 
yes i would like royal spice, book a table for 
yes i would like royal spice, book a table for 8 people at 
yes i would like 
how about at 1
how about at 
i'm looking for 
i need it to start 
i'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called 
yes i would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from 
yes i would like to book it for 
yes i would like to book it for 6 people for 
i would like 
i would like to be in the 
a 
i need the reservation for 
i need the reservation for 6 people at 
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on 
book at table for 
book at table for 6 at 
yes i need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 
i need a train on 
i need a train on friday from the 
the train should leave after 17:15 and should go to 
the train should leave after 
okay i would like to book it. i'm also looking for a restaurant on the cheap side in 
okay i would like to book it. i'm also looking for a restaurant on the 
i really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at 20:00 on 
i really don't- it just needs to fit 
i really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at 
how about for 
hi, i'm looking for good chinese food on the 
hi, i'm looking for good 
i am looking for a hotel called 
thank you. can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on 
thank you. can you book it for 
thank you. can you book it for 5 people and 
i'm also looking for a train departing cambridge and arriving at 
i'm also looking for a train departing 
we would like to go to peterborough on 
we would like to go to 
yes, please book it for 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the south, and i'd like 
does it have a star of 
i am also looking for 
i am also looking for international food that is in the 
do you see a 
there are going to be a lot of us, so something 
yes for 7 people for 17:45 on a 
yes for 
yes for 7 people for 
can we make the reservation 
yes how about for 
hello, i'm looking for a 
maybe something in the 
can you book 2 people at 19:30 on 
can you book 
can you book 2 people at 
can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for 
yes. i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
yes. i would like a 
are there any restaurants serving 
can you try the search again looking for 
i would like the one that is in the centre of town. can you book me a table there for 
i would like the one that is in the centre of town. can you book me a table there for thursday at 11:30? there will be 
i would like the one that is in the centre of town. can you book me a table there for thursday at 
can you try 
is there a place to stay in the 
i am looking forward to try a local restaurant in cambridge and i have 
oh, i'll need a table for 5 at 11:45 on 
oh, i'll need a table for 
oh, i'll need a table for 5 at 
some place in the 
some place in the north with a 
great, can i get a room for 
great, can i get a room for 5 people for 
yes, are you familiar with any of the attractions around the 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for something in 
i am not looking for british, i am looking for 
yes, could you look for a 
yes please. could you give me a table for 
yes please. could you give me a table for tuesday at 1
yes please. could you give me a table for tuesday at 
can you tell me about 
i'm looking for somewhere 
the 
the south. i'd like a 
if it offers free wifi, sure. i need a single for 3 nights starting 
if it offers free wifi, sure. i need a single for 
if it offers free wifi, sure. i need a single for 
can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and 
yes, i want to be picked up at the hotel no later than 
are there any italian restaurants located in the 
are there any 
the 
please book it for 4 people at 18:30 on 
please book it for 
please book it for 4 people at 
please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the 
please find a place to eat in the 
let's go with indian. can you book me a table for 
let's go with indian. can you book me a table for thursday at 14:00 for 
let's go with indian. can you book me a table for thursday at 
let's go with 
book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. i need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the 
i want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 
hi, i'd like to stay at the 
yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on 
yes please! 
yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 
i sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. can you find me one in the 
i am look for a hotel on the 
i am look for a 
is that a 
i don't need 
yes, i need a train from cambridge to stevenage on 
yes, i need a train from 
yes, i need a train from cambridge to 
we need to leave after 
no preference just fine a train that leaves after 
please book 
i need an expensive restaurant in the 
i need an 
yes 
yeah, that sounds great. would you reserve me a table for 4, 
yeah, that sounds great. would you reserve me a table for 
yeah, that sounds great. would you reserve me a table for 4, friday at 
i need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the 
i need to find a restaurant that serves 
please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 4 people at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve 
darn. will you look for a 
i'm in the midst of planning my trip to cambridge and need help finding a 
lets find a place first, i would like one in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
yes, please try 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
sure, i am looking for something to do in the town 
actually can you give me some information on 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
book me a table of five for 
book me a table of five for tuesday at 
book me a table of five for tuesday at 11:30 in one that serves 
yes, i'd also like it to be expensive and on the 
yes, i'd also like it to be 
i need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for something in the 
that would be great. i need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
that would be great. i need a reservation for 
that would be great. i need a reservation for 
yes, i am looking for a train leaving 
my destination is cambridge and i should arrive by 20:00. please book tickets for 
my destination is cambridge and i should arrive by 20:00. please book tickets for thursday for 
my destination is cambridge and i should arrive by 20:00. please book tickets for thursday for 
i want to find a seafood restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
no that's fine. just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on 
no that's fine. just book me a table for 
no that's fine. just book me a table for 2 people at 
the african restaurant sounds great. can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this 
the african restaurant sounds great. can you make a reservation for 
the african restaurant sounds great. can you make a reservation for 2 at 
the 
i would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 
i would like a 
if you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 
yes, i need a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 
yes, i need a train that goes to 
yes, i'll be coming in from london liverpool street on 
yes, i'll be coming in from 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i'd like to stay in the 
is the 
the type of food doesn't matter, but i would like a 
great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 19:45 on 
great can you make a reservation for 
great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 
can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 18:45 on 
can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 
can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 
i could also use a taxi that can get me from the allenbell to rajmahal. i need to get to the restaurant by 
i could also use a taxi that can get me from the 
i could also use a taxi that can get me from the allenbell to 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
hi, i am looking for a nice hotel to stay in. i would like it to include free parking. internet access is 
yes, please. i need to book 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. i need to book 3 nights starting on friday for 
yes, please. i need to book 
yes, please. i need reservations for 12:30 on 
yes, please. i need reservations for 12:30 on friday. there are 
yes, please. i need reservations for 
i am looking for a train going from 
i am looking for a train going from cambridge to 
i would like to travel on tuesday and i would like to arrive by 
i would like to travel on 
do you have a train that arrives closer to 
yes, i need 
yes please. i'm also looking for a hotel in the 
a 3 star hotel in the 
a 
i am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the 
i have no preference, but you can suggest a 
that's too bad. can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the 
that's too bad. can you find me a restaurant in the 
i would like 
i will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on saturday. i also really need that information on an attraction in the 
i will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on 
i will like to book that for 
i will like to book that for 5 people at 
book taxi to go to taj tandoori restaurant. i need to arrive by 
book taxi to go to 
what do you recommend in the 
great. now i would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 
i'd like a restuarant with asian oriental food located in the 
i'd like a restuarant with 
i am looking for a train to cambridge. i need to arrive by 
i am looking for a train to 
i'll be heading in from 
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
can you help me find a place to go in the 
is there an 
i need a place to eat in the 
i need a place to eat in the south that's 
i would like 
i would like chinese or 
sure, i need a table for 8 at 17:15 on 
sure, i need a table for 
sure, i need a table for 8 at 
a 
i would be in cambridge and i need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this 
i would be in cambridge and i need to find a train that will be leaving from 
i would be in 
yes it has to leave on 
yes it has to leave on sunday after 
yes, can you please book 
certainly! i'd like an 
certainly! i'd like an expensive 
certainly! i'd like an expensive 4-star 
i'll take the huntingdon marriott. will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on 
i'll take the huntingdon marriott. will you please book a room for 
i'll take the 
im looking for a restaurant in the 
im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the 
does it serve 
i would settle for 
i would settle for british. i'd prefer 
i need a train leaving from 
i would like to travel on a 
i would like to travel on a tuesday from 
i would like to travel on a tuesday from broxbourne to 
i would like to travel on a tuesday from broxbourne to cambridge after 
can you also recommend a three star 
yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on 
yes, go ahead and book either of those for 
yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 
yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 
i need a cheap place to stay in the 
i need a 
yes, i need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting 
yes, i need a hotel for 
hello i am looking for a high-class super fancy pricey restaurant that serves 
i just want it to be 
yes. i would like to book a table on 
yes. i would like to book a table on wednesday for 
yes. i would like to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 
yes. i also would like to stay at a 4 star location in the 
yes. i also would like to stay at a 
can you find me a 
can you find me a moderately priced 
i don't mind which area but i need free parking and somewhere with 
could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
could you find out if either is available for 
could you find out if either is available for 
can i get some information on the 
yes, for 3 people on 
yes, for 
yes, for 3 people on sunday at 
yes, a reference number would be great! could i also get information on the 
that sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on 
that sounds great please make reservations for 
hello, can you recommend a 
great i need to book it for 
it will be for 2 people starting on 
it will be for 
how about 
try 
i suppose i'll book it myself, then. can you tell me about the 
yes i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the 
yes i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub and i need to leave by 
hi! i've heard of a great hotel called 
yes, i would like to make a reservation for this 
in a moment. i also need to find a restaurant in the 
can you suggest one in the 
hi, i am interested in finding attractions on the 
can you tell me what type of attraction cafe jello gallery is please? i also want to find an 
great thank you, i am also looking for an expensive 
great thank you, i am also looking for an 
sounds great! could i book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on 
sounds great! could i book a reservation for 
sounds great! could i book a reservation for 6 people at 
let's try 
i will need to arrive at tandoori palace by 
i will need to arrive at 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i don't care what cuisine. i would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on 
i don't care what cuisine. i would like a table for 
i don't care what cuisine. i would like a table for 1 at 
i am looking a place serving 
i am looking a place serving gastropub in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
you are planning your trip in cambridge. you are looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
you are planning your trip in cambridge. you are looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the 
i would like to have 
please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on 
please reserve it for 
please reserve it for 2 people at 
thank you! i'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in 
either would be fine, i guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on 
either would be fine, i guess whichever has available rooms for 
i'm hoping to find a 
i would prefer a 
i'd prefer something on the 
eight people, two nights from 
hello. i need a train ticket on a train going from 
hello. i need a train ticket on a train going from cambridge to 
i'd like to travel on 
i'd like to travel on saturday, but i don't want to leave until after 
yes please book a seat for me. and can you tell me if there are any 
i need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the 
i need help finding a very 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the 
i am looking for places to go. can you tell me about some 
how about a 2 star rating in the 
how about a 
either one is fine, i need to book for 1 starting 
either one is fine, i need to book for 
either one is fine, i need to book for 1 starting sunday, 
how about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel. any 
how about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel. any indian cuisine or 
how about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel. any indian cuisine or african cuisine that's 
hello, could you tell me if 
how did you know?! yes i do! you must be a mind reader! i'd like to find 
how did you know?! yes i do! you must be a mind reader! i'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and i definitely don't want a guesthouse. only a real 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
i just need a 3 star hotel in the 
i just need a 
i just need a 3 star 
let's try the 
i would like to leave and 2:30 p.m and arrive at 
i would like to leave and 
no, but you know what? we should probably have the car pick me up at the college at 
please find a place to eat that serves 
yes, i would like it to be in the 
thank you! i would like to go to an 
yes 4 people on 18:15 on 
yes 
yes 4 people on 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
how about a 
good day, i need help getting a train from 
good day, i need help getting a train from london liverpool street going all the way to 
i would like to travel on wednesday and arrive by 
i would like to travel on 
no, as long as it arrives by 
that will be great. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i need something in the 
i need a place in the 
yes please, we'll be needing somewhere to stay the night. what can you tell me about the 
hello, i'd like to have dinner in the 
hello, i'd like to have dinner in the centre, is there anywhere that serves 
not really- what about a 
yes, that would be a good idea. can you search for one that serves 
i am looking for indian food in the 
i am looking for 
restaurant on the 
no actually, can you suggest me some 
a 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of 
how about a 
yes please. can i get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on 
yes please. can i get that for 2 nights for 
yes please. can i get that for 
i also need a taxi to commute. i need to leave the hotel by 
can you help me find 
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant. i'd like it to serve expensive 
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant. i'd like it to serve 
is there a cheaper 
is there a 
okay how about 
sorry for digressing. i am still looking for an expensive 
sorry for digressing. i am still looking for an 
i would like to be picked up by 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
okay. how about one that serves 
i would like it to be in the 
i need an expensive restaurant in the 
i need an 
i don't have a preference. it should be in the 
yes, please. would you book it for 8 people on 
yes, please. would you book it for 
yes, please. would you book it for 8 people on tuesday at 
thank you. i'm also in need of a place to stay. i'd like it to be a hotel with a star of 
thank you. i'm also in need of a place to stay. i'd like it to be a 
does the 
yes please for 3 nights for 8 people on 
yes please for 3 nights for 
can you tell me what's interesting to do on the 
i also want to find an 
yes please. i also need to postcode. i need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the 
is there any place that serves 
either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on 
either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 
either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 
there are 
can you try booking one of them for 8 people at 13:45 on 
can you try booking one of them for 
can you try booking one of them for 8 people at 
yes, please for 8 people at 13:45 on 
yes, please for 
yes, please for 8 people at 
i am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of 
i'm looking for a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
sure. can you book it for 2 people on 
sure. can you book it for 
sure. can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 
can you find me a restaurant in the 
yes, i would like 
maybe some 
hi, i am looking for places in 
hi, i am looking for places in west cambridge that feature 
how about a 
can you give me the phone number for 
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called 
can you tell me what kind of food the 
i am looking for some places to go in the 
i am looking for some places to go in the east. i'd like an 
what other types of attractions are available in the 
what type of attraction is 
i need a hotel with 
hello! i am looking for the address and phone number of a lebanese restaurant in the 
hello! i am looking for the address and phone number of a 
i'm looking for a train from 
i would like to leave on sunday to cambridge and get there by 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on sunday to 
yes, please. i'll need to book for 
i'd like a place to stay in the 
are any of them 
yes please, i'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes please, i'll need a reservation for the same 
yes please, i'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 
hi there, i'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. i'd like somewhere in the city 
hi there, i'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. i'd like somewhere in the city centre, and i'm willing to pay a 
somewhere that serves 
what about a restaurant that serves european food, but still in the 
what about a restaurant that serves 
what about a restaurant that serves european food, but still in the centre and 
i need to stay in the 
can we book a guesthouse in the 
i will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 
i will be staying for 
starting from 
i'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
how about 
i'm coming to town and looking for a good japanese restaurant to try near the town 
i'm coming to town and looking for a good 
i'll be needing a table for 6 at 13:30 this next 
i'll be needing a table for 
i'll be needing a table for 6 at 
actually, first, lets get a hotel. are there any 
i would like it in the 
know anywhere that has 
yes actually, can we find something in the 
that would be greatly appreciated. i will have one other person with me, this will be on 
that would be greatly appreciated. i will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at 
can you help me find a 
on second thought, i don't care what price it is. i just really need a 
i prefer the 
i don't need it to be cheap, but i really need it to be in the 
starting 
starting sunday for 
starting sunday for 7 people for 
is it available for 
thanks, now can you help me find a 
can you help me get a taxi to go to the 
i need to leave the hotel by 
hi. i'm looking for a hotel in the 
hi. i'm looking for a hotel in the east. the internet is 
is that a 
okay, 
great. can you help me with a train as well? i'm looking to come in from 
i want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but i need to book for 
i want to go from 
i want to go from cambridge to 
i'm looking for wednesday , arrive by 
i'm looking for wednesday , arrive by 11:30 for 
i'm looking for 
i need a place to eat in the 
i would love to find a place that serves 
how about 
please book a table for 7 at 15:30 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 7 at 
i want to go from 
i want to go from cambridge to 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i am visiting and would like to see something interesting in the 
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the same area. a guesthouse that has 
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the same area. a 
i am looking for a train departing 
i am looking for a train departing bishops stortford and going to 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on sunday sometime after 
i am looking for something in the 
yes, please. a hotel with 
yes, please. a 
hi, i am looking for a train that will be arriving by 
hi, i am looking for a train that will be arriving by 16:00 in 
i am leaving 
i am leaving friday from 
i would like a 
the university arms sounds good. i'd like to book 4 nights for 1 person, beginning on 
the university arms sounds good. i'd like to book 4 nights for 
the university arms sounds good. i'd like to book 
the 
the university arms sounds good. i'd like to book 
i'm looking for a place called 
i also need a place to eat that serves 
i want to book a table for 6 at 18:45 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 6 at 
hi, i'm looking for an indian restaurant. i'd prefer something on the 
hi, i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for something in the fine dining price range, so the place should be 
hi, i i'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is 
i am not sure but i do want it to have a 
that is perfect. please book 3 days starting on 
that is perfect. please book 
there will be 4 people for 2 nights starting 
there will be 
there will be 4 people for 
there will be 
sorry. 
is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on 
is there another hotel that has a room available for 
is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 
is there another hotel that has a room available for 
okay, how about for 
i'd like to go from broxbourne to cambridge on 
i would like to leave after 
looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the 
looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
no, i don't have a cuisine preference. i just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on 
no, i don't have a cuisine preference. i just need to book for 
no, i don't have a cuisine preference. i just need to book for 5 people at 
i want a train that leaves from cambridge on 
i want a train that leaves from 
i am headed to 
i am headed to stevenage. i cannot get on the train until 
no, the first train leaving after 14:45 would be fine. i want to book tickets for 
no, the first train leaving after 
thanks. can you look for a restaurant that serves 
no certain area, but i'd like one in a 
yes for 
monday at 
i want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is 
i want to stay in the center of town in a 
yes please. i'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
yes please. i'll need to for 
yes please. i'll need to for 8 people for 
yes, i also need a taxi from the hotel at 
hi there, i'm looking for a train that gets into cambridge by 
hi there, i'm looking for a train that gets into 
i'm leaving from 
that would work perfectly. can you get me 
i need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the 
i need a place to dine that serves 
is it located in the 
is it located in the south? does it serve 
how about 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 18:30 on 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 
i would also like to know more about fun places to go in the 
is there a college in the 
yes, and i need to arrive at the restaurant by 
i would like to find a hotel in the 
yes, i really like 
i prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse. i need a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi in the 
i prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse. i need a 
i prefer a 
no and no. i want a 4 star hotel on the 
no and no. i want a 
no and no. i want a 4 star 
okay, i need a guesthouse with free parking, and 
i'd like to to book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from 
i'd like to to book it for 
i'd like to to book it for 1 people and 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
can we find one that serves 
i need it for 18:15 for one person on a 
i need it for 
i need it for 
hello, i would like to eat somewhere expensive in the 
hello, i would like to eat somewhere 
okay, i want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on 
okay, i want to book a table for 
okay, i want to book a table for 6 people at 
i want a train that is leaving from 
i don't really care about cuisine, but i would like something 
that sounds perfect. could you book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on 
that sounds perfect. could you book a table for 
that sounds perfect. could you book a table for 8 people at 
i am looking for places to go here in the 
i would like to go to a 
does 
wonderful. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant near the castle galleries. can you book me a table for 7 people on 
wonderful. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant near the castle galleries. can you book me a table for 
wonderful. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant near the castle galleries. can you book me a table for 7 people on sunday at 
wonderful. i am also looking for a 
it doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. as long as it's in the same area as castle galleries and serves 
yes, i would like to go to the 
yes i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes please. i'll need a table for 4 at 19:15 on 
yes please. i'll need a table for 
yes please. i'll need a table for 4 at 
yes, i also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so i will need to be there by 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
i would like a restaurant in the 
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at panahar on 
yes, please make a reservation for 
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at panahar on sunday at 
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves 
yes go ahead. how about 
i want a 
i'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the 
i'm looking for an 
i would like 
sure please book for 7 people on 
sure please book for 
sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 
are there any other options in the expensive price range in the 
are there any other options in the 
can you book me in for the 
i'm looking for a high end restaurant in the 
i want one that serves 
what about one that has 
that's okay, i'll just pick the first one. can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this 
that's okay, i'll just pick the first one. can you make a reservation for 
that's okay, i'll just pick the first one. can you make a reservation for 2 at 
i'm looking for 
would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on 
would you please book me a table for two at 
what is the area and price range for the 
can you help me find a train leaving after 9:15 going to 
can you help me find a train leaving 
i am departing out of 
i am departing out of cambridge. i really do need to leave sometime after 
i'm leaving on 
yes please. i need 
i would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 
i would like a place like a 
back to the 
i want a place to dine in the 
i want a place to dine in the centre of cambridge with 
i would like an italian restaurant in the 
i would like an italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on 
i would like an italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 
i would like an italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 
i would like an 
thank you! what is the address/postcode for 
i need to arrive by 
i would like to find a 
yes. i would like to stay in the 
yes. i would like to stay in the 
i do 
i also need to book a train. it needs to go to cambridge and leave on 
i also need to book a train. it needs to go to 
hi, is there a moderately priced 
hi, is there a 
hmm, let's see...i'm not sure. before we do that, i also need a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would really love a 
i would really love a 3 star 
what about something that is 
3 people for 5 nights starting from this 
3 people for 
yes, i would prefer 
hmmm...how about a 
sure, i need to make a reservation for 
it will be at 
hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the 
hi, are there any 
i would like to look for one that serves 
i was wondering the price range of the 
thanks. could you check on a train for me from 
yes i'd like to book that train for 
i'm looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
i am looking for a guesthouse with 
i am looking for a 
is there one in the 
i am looking for some places to go in the 
i am looking for some places to go in the east of 
i will be needing to leave the hotel by 
i am going to be visiting cambridge and i would love to find a 
yes, please provide info on a hotel called 
i need a moderately priced hotel in 
i need a 
i'm actually looking for the 
yes, i would like to book for four people starting 
yes i am looking for a nightclub in 
yes i am looking for a 
can you find me a 
no, i'm not particular about the price or rating. i do need it available 
no, i'm not particular about the price or rating. i do need it available thursday for 
no, i'm not particular about the price or rating. i do need it available thursday for 
i've got a craving for some pasta. can you find me a good italian restaurant on the 
i've got a craving for some pasta. can you find me a good 
yes, definitely the 
yes, please! i'd like it for 15:15 on 
yes, please! i'd like it for 15:15 on thursday for 
yes, please! i'd like it for 
great. i also need a train to 
yes, i'd like to leave cambridge on 
yes, i'd like to leave 
yes, i'd like to leave cambridge on friday, sometime after 
hi, i'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the 
hi, i'm looking for a place to go see 
just give me the information for the first one that is free in the 
i actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the 
no particular pricerange, but i want it to be a type of 
we are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some 
i haven't decided on what area of town i will be staying in, i would just like to know the 
ok. i would like the name of a specific 
yes, can you get me information about 
can i book lodging for 7 people starting on 
can i book lodging for 
can i book lodging for 7 people starting on saturday? we're staying for 
i also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 
need a 
need a moderately priced hotel with 
need a moderately priced 
great can i book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting 
great can i book a room for 
great can i book a room for 7 people for 
i am also looking for a restaurant in 
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving 
i need it by 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
that sounds great. i would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting 
that sounds great. i would like to book 5 nights for 
that sounds great. i would like to book 
please book a different 
what can you dig up about the 
that's good, thanks. could you book me a table for 3 on 
that's good, thanks. could you book me a table for 
that's good, thanks. could you book me a table for 3 on wednesday at 
yes please. i'm also looking for a train from 
book one that arrives by 
book one that arrives by 10:15 and goes to 
i will need 
i'd like to find the 
i'll be there on 
i'm looking for a theatre in the 
i'm looking for a 
i want to leave by 
can you find me an 
can you find me an expensive 
the ratings and location do not matter. it must be an 
the ratings and location do not matter. it must be an expensive 
yes please. i will need it starting on 
yes please. i will need it starting on tuesday for 
nope. i just need the hotel to be 
nope. i just need the 
they really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for 
moderate pricing and book it for 
moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 
i want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from 
i want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from lovell lodge to 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i want afghan food in the 
i want 
how about a place serving 
hello, i'm looking for a 
wonderful. i am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. i would like for it to have free wifi and in the 
wonderful. i am also looking for a 
wonderful. i am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 
can you then search for one that is in the 
great. can i book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting 
great. can i book it for 
great. can i book it for 2 people for 
i would like to leave the college by 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i am looking for 
i'm looking for a place to eat that is 
that won't work. how about an italian restaurant in the 
that won't work. how about an 
that won't work. how about an italian restaurant in the west that is 
i'm looking for a museum in the 
i'm looking for a 
thank you. i'm also looking for the 
hello, i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i need to find a place to stay in the 
i need a room in the 
i'd also like it to have a 
yes, can you try a 
thank you. also i am looking for the address of a place called 
i just need to leave the hotel by 
what have you got on the 
that would be fine. i also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on 
that would be fine. i also need a train that leaves after 
i will go to london's kings crossing from 
i will be departing from cambridge, going to broxbourne. i would like to leave after 17:45 on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from cambridge, going to 
i will be departing from cambridge, going to broxbourne. i would like to leave after 
i also need a 
i also need a 4 star 
broxbourne. and is should have free parking in the 
hi i'm looking to look at boats. can you look at 
hi i'm looking to look at 
actually i could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the 
actually i could use some help finding an 
it is a special occasion so it can be 
that sounds good. can i get a table for 5 this 
that sounds good. can i get a table for 
that sounds good. can i get a table for 5 this monday at 
i need to get to the restaurant by 
i am looking for italian food in the 
i am looking for 
may i have the address and phone number of 
hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
hi i am looking for an 
which mexican restaurant would you suggest? i need a table for 4 people at 14:00 on 
which mexican restaurant would you suggest? i need a table for 
which mexican restaurant would you suggest? i need a table for 4 people at 
which 
that is too bad. would there be any 
i need a train to 
i'll need to travel on sunday, from cambridge to broxbourne, and i'd like to arrive by 
i'll need to travel on 
i'll need to travel on sunday, from 
i'll need to travel on sunday, from cambridge to 
yes please. i need to book it for 
yes, i need a 
i want it to have star of 
no, the location is flexible. can you tell me if 
yes i need it for 
yes i need it for friday for two nights for 
i am trying to find the 
actually, could you help find a train as well? to 
i need to leave after 
no, just leave after 
i need a train to norwich. i need to get there right before 
i need a train to 
i will be leaving on 
yes, i will need tickets for 
i'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. can you help me find a 
i would like an 
i would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 
i would like an expensive 
how about simply a 
no, i just need a place i can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on 
no, i just need a place i can stay for 
can you check again? a cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting 
can you check again? a cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting saturday, for 
can you check again? a cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 
can you check again? a 
can you check again? a cheap, 
can you check again? a cheap, 4-star 
do you have anything in the 
no can you please check in the 
yes, i would like to make a reservation on 
yes, i would like to make a reservation on saturday for 
yes, i would like to make a reservation on saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
a guesthouse would be nice, it should have free wifi and parking and 
a 
could you try one that is 
are any of those options that are 
are any of those options that are cheap 
yes, the train should leave after 08:15 and depart from london kings cross on 
yes, the train should leave after 08:15 and depart from 
yes, the train should leave after 
there are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from london kings cross to cambridge on 
there are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from 
there are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from london kings cross to 
there are no trains that leave after 
hi i need a 
hi i need a cheap 
ok. i would like it to be a 
i am really looking for a hotel that is expensive. does the 
i am really looking for a 
i'm looking for a particular hotel called "
yes, please. i would like to book a room for 3 people for 2 nights, starting from 
yes, please. i would like to book a room for 
yes, please. i would like to book a room for 3 people for 
yes, i am looking for molecular gastronomy restaurant located in the 
yes, i am looking for 
yes, i am looking for molecular gastronomy restaurant located in the centre that is 
actually, how about 
oh, that's a shame. okay, can you try the same time on 
can you help me find a train headed to cambridge on 
can you help me find a train headed to 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from london liverpool street, and my train needs to leave after 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave london liverpool street after 
that's great can you book it for 
awesome. i also need a hungarian restaurant in the 
awesome. i also need a 
sure. what about 
no, i'm not really particular about the price. any 
yes please, same group of eight, 
yes please, same group of eight, sunday, 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves 
i need the place to be a 
any 
no but i am needing a train to 
we will travel on 
i'll need a train that arrives by 
i'll need a train that arrives by 10:15 and book for 
i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like to find a 
are there any other moderately price restaurants in the 
are there any other 
no specific area, but i would like for it to be 
no specific area, but i would like for it to be expensive. it needs to be a 
can i have the address, post code, and star of 
i am also in the mood for a 
somewhere near my 
i am looking for an attraction focused on 
thanks. are there any 
no. i need free parking and a 
no. i need free parking and a 4 star rating. would you possibly have a 
please find an expensive restaurant in the 
please find an 
a 
yes, please, i need a table for 8 on 
yes, please, i need a table for 
yes, please, i need a table for 8 on tuesday at 
how about a 
i will need to be picked up by 
from the 
hello, can you help me find information about 
yes please! i'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes please! i'd like the reservation to be for 
yes please! i'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 
hello, can you recommend a 
hello, can you recommend a cheap 
there will be 
there will be 8 of us for 
how about switching it to 
how about switching it to 8 people for 
i'm thinking a 
that sounds fun! could you tell me the phone number, area, and entrance fee for 
i'm looking an 
i need to go from cambride to 
i need to leave at 
okay, then i guess book it for 
i am looking for something to do later in the 
i would like to go to a college in the 
i would like to go to a 
sorry, actually i need an 
i want to try 
yes, i am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving 
yes, i am looking for information for a restaurant of 
how about a restaurant that serves 
yes. i would like to go to a museum in the 
yes. i would like to go to a 
the 
yes, i'll need a taxi from the 
yes, i'll need a taxi from the primavera to 
yes, i'll need a taxi from the primavera to oak bistro. can you make sure i leave the primavera no later than 
i need a train to get to 
yeah, 
the restaurant should serve 
what about something that serves 
i would like a cheap hotel in the 
i would like a 
yes and make it for 
yes and make it for friday for 
yes and make it for friday for 
i want to find a 4 star hotel with a 
i want to find a 
actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's 
actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's moderately priced, 
sounds good. starting 
sounds good. starting monday, please, for 
sounds good. starting monday, please, for 
i suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, as i already mentioned, i want a place in the center of town. i'd also like to have 
sure! can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on 
sure! can you book just for 
sure! can you book just for 1 at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
yes. i want to book a table for 3 people on 
yes. i want to book a table for 
yes. i want to book a table for 3 people on tuesday at 
could you try 
i am interested in the 
great! what i really need is a guesthouse in the 
great! what i really need is a 
i would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on 
i would like to book for 
i would like to book for 5 people for 
see if you can book 
take your pick. i am open to anything as long as it is in the 
alright i'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, i'll most likely leave the 
alright i'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, i'll most likely leave the fun house at 
is there any 
i'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 
hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting 
hotel you want to book it for 
hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 
i also need to find a moderately priced 
i also need to find a 
actually, i don't need a booking yet. you've told me that 
i want to find an attraction called 
thank you. have you heard of a particular restaurant, i think it's called 
yes i would, could you book a table for 2 at 18:15 on 
yes i would, could you book a table for 
yes i would, could you book a table for 2 at 
i am looking for information for 
okay, and what is the address and phone number for the 
i'd like you to book me a taxi from the 
i'd like you to book me a taxi from the warkworth house to 
i'd like you to book me a taxi from the warkworth house to abbey pool please. i need to leave the hotel by 
i want to know about 
it doesn't matter but it should be a 
as long as it's a guesthouse with 
as long as it's a 
please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 
please give me the phone number of a 
can you recommend a chinese restaurant in the 
can you recommend a 
that sounds great. can i get a table for 8 people at 16:45 on 
that sounds great. can i get a table for 
that sounds great. can i get a table for 8 people at 
a moderately priced restaurant in the 
a 
i need a place stay, some place in the 
i need a place stay, some place in the east with a 
something 
i am looking for 
i need a table for 8 at 15:45 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 8 at 
i'm traveling to cambridge and i need a train that leaves on 
i'm traveling to 
i'd like to get on the train at london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 
i'd like to get on the train at 
i'd like to get on the train at london kings cross and arrive in 
that sounds perfect! can i purchase 
yes, i would also like a place to eat near the 
what i'd really like is 
la raza sounds great. can i book a table for 3 on 
la raza sounds great. can i book a table for 
la raza sounds great. can i book a table for 3 on friday at 
l am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
it is a special occasion so i am hoping for an 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i would prefer 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the 
is it in the 
is that a 
is that a 4-star 
any kind, whatever you recommend. it should be located in the 
any kind that you recommend, as long as it is located in the 
yes, please find more information on the park and boat attractions in the 
i'm looking for a train leaving on friday that arrives by 
i'm looking for a train leaving on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from cambridge to 
no thanks. but can you find a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the 
no thanks. but can you find a restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
i need the 
i would like to check in on 
monday and i actually meant 17:30 and for 
oh, i seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. can you look up 
i'd like to book a table at taj tandoori for 6 people on monday at 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves 
i am looking for a place to eat. i want to eat 
i am looking for a place to eat. i want to eat modern european food in the 
not now, but i do need a train to 
not now, but i do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 
i want to depart from stevenage on 
i want to depart from 
the only time specification is that the train leaves 
yes, that will work. can you please book 
are there any 
i want to dine in the 
can i have some information about the 
not at this time but i would like a train departing from stevenage going to cambridge on a 
not at this time but i would like a train departing from 
not at this time but i would like a train departing from stevenage going to 
not at this time but i would like a train departing from stevenage going to cambridge on a monday leaving after 
yes, please make a booking for 
do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the 
do you know of any 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
i'm wanting to see the new reese witherspoon movie. would they happen to have a 
could you tell me the postcode of that 
great! i also want a restaurant in the same area, something 
going to 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 
can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? i'm interested in a cheap 
can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? i'm interested in a 
sure! it's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 18:00 on 
sure! it's a party of 
sure! it's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 
i need to travel from 
i need to travel from cambridge to 
i want to leave from cambridge on thursday and arrive by 
i want to leave from cambridge on 
i want to leave from 
that will work. could you reserve 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving 
are there chinese restaurants in the 
are there 
yes, i would be interested in the 
yes, i would be interested in the british food fare that is available. just a nice local restaurant with good 
the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 2 this 
the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 
the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 2 this monday at 
the 
what do we have in cambridge as far as 
since i am only worried about cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the 
since i am only worried about cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced 
since i am only worried about cambridge, lets check again for 
yes. please book it for 8 people on 
yes. please book it for 
yes. please book it for 8 people on monday at 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from norwich and going to 
okay can i book that for 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i also looking for places to go in town.the attraction should be in the type of 
okay, could you look for one that is 
are there any sports related entertainment venues on the 
you couldn't find a museum in the 
you couldn't find a 
thank you, we will try there! now i need help finding a restaurant that serves 
is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves 
it does not matter. just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 13:45 on 
it does not matter. just make a recommendation and book a table for 
it does not matter. just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 
i'm looking for information on 
yes. what type of attraction is 
yes, i'd like a 
yes, i'd like a moderately priced 
yes please. i'll need a room for one person and i'd like to stay for 5 nights beginning on 
yes please. i'll need a room for one person and i'd like to stay for 
can we try for 
i am looking for a cheap place to eat in the 
i am looking for a 
no. i am interested in the 
thanks for the theatre info. let's go back to the restaurant search. i feel like 
thanks for the theatre info. let's go back to the restaurant search. i feel like spanish food, in the 
yes, please book for 5 people on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at 
can the taxi pick me up from the 
to la tasca, by 
to 
hello, i am looking for a local restaurant that serves indian food and is located in the 
hello, i am looking for a local restaurant that serves 
i would like it to be an 
i have a party of 
i have a party of 8 and need it for 
on 
i would also like to find some where fun to go in the 
i was looking for something for a type of 
hello, i need some assistance with finding a nice italian restaurant in 
hello, i need some assistance with finding a nice 
i am interested in 
yes please, just me on 
yes please, just me on tuesday, at 
yes please, just me on tuesday, at 
any area is fine as long as it is 
any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a 
that sounds great! can you book a room there for 3 nights? just me, and i'll be arriving on 
i need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to make sure i get there by 
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the 
can you find me an 
yes, are there any that serve 
i am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 
no. but i also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by 
yes, from 
yes, from hakka, to the 
yes, from hakka, to the ashley hotel please. i want to leave hakka at 
i'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
that sounds good. i need a table for two at 16:00 on 
that sounds good. i need a table for two at 
yes, i actually need to arrive by 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i need a train to stansted airport. i'd like to arrive by at least 
i need a train to 
i will be leaving cambridge on 
i will be leaving 
actually, could you just give me some information on 
are there any expensive 
are there any 
oh no, not even in the 
i really need something in the 
i really need something in the west. could you try 
the rice boat would be lovely. i'll need a table on 
the rice boat would be lovely. i'll need a table on friday at 19:00. it should be for 
the rice boat would be lovely. i'll need a table on friday at 
the 
are you sure? a 0 star hotel in the 
could you try looking for a guesthouse in the 
could you try looking for a 
okay, great. i'll need to book for 
okay, great. i'll need to book for friday, 2 nights, and 
i am looking for a 
i don't care about that. i would like it to have a 
i want to find a nice, expensive place to dine in the 
i want to find a nice, 
i want a place that serves 
yes, for 2 people at 11:45 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 2 people at 
i want a hotel close to 
i want a hotel close to backstreet bistro. not too 
yes book room for 2 starting 
yes book room for 
could you retry, only starting on 
are there any 
don't care about price, just looking for 
hello are you familiar with 
okay. yes let's book it from 
okay. yes let's book it from tuesday for 
okay. yes let's book it from tuesday for 4 people for 
im looking for a place that serves 
im looking for a place that serves swiss food, more on the 
yes 
yes, 4 people at 14:30 on 
yes, 
yes, 4 people at 
i'm looking for a train to 
i would like to leave on saturday and would like to arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to 
i am departing from stevenage. i need to book seats for 8 people to cambridge on a saturday to arrive by 
i am departing from stevenage. i need to book seats for 
i am departing from stevenage. i need to book seats for 8 people to cambridge on a 
i am departing from 
i am departing from stevenage. i need to book seats for 8 people to 
close to arriving by 
close to arriving by 21:00. i need to book it for 
close to arriving by 21:00. i need to book it for 8 people for a 
yes, i'd like 
i'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the 
i'm also looking fore a 
i'm also looking fore a moderately priced 
how about the one that is in the type of 
can i have the information for the 
i'm looking for info on a restaurant called 
yeah, i need information about 
i need a place to stay while i'm in cambridge. can you recommend some place in the 
how about one in the 
no i just needed that information. i am also looking for a train from 
no i just needed that information. i am also looking for a train from peterborough to 
i want to leave 
i need lodgings, and i'd like to stay in an 
i need lodgings, and i'd like to stay in an expensive 
i would like a 4 star hotel, in an 
i would like a 
i would like a 4 star hotel, in an expensive 
what about a 
i am looking for a 
lets not book the 
yes, for 
great, can i get the area for the 
i'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star guesthouse. is there one in the 
i'd actually like something really basic, a 
i'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star 
i would like an expensive place in the 
i would like an 
can we try to find one that is in the 
yes, for one person and four nights on 
yes. i would like to leave at 
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
please check for 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for an 
what is the address and phone number for 
i need a place to stay too. could you give me information on the 
yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 8 people starting 
yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 
yes could you please book me there for 
i would like to book a reservation at an 
i would like to book a reservation at an indian restaurant in the 
no, i'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the 
can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 1 at 
i need information on a hotel named,"
i also am looking for a restaurant called 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
hi, have you heard of the 
i'd like to find an 
i'd like to find an east side restaurant that is 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i want the 
i would like to book a moderately priced 
i would like to book a 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the moderate price range. the restaurant should be in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the 
sure. i need a reservation for 4 people at 17:00 on 
sure. i need a reservation for 
sure. i need a reservation for 4 people at 
can you try 
yes i need a train going to broxbourne 
yes i need a train going to 
after 13:30 on 
after 
i would like to find some entertainment in the 
i would like to find some 
how about some 
yes, please find a restaurant in the 
how about 
how about 
please book the varsity for 5 people on 
please book the varsity for 
please book the varsity for 5 people on tuesday at 
i'm trying to find a hotel called 
great! yes please book it for 
great! yes please book it for 8 people and for 
i will be for 3 nights starting this 
i will be for 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on sunday from 
the train should leave after 10:45 and should go to 
the train should leave after 
hey there, i'm craving chinese food. where in the 
hey there, i'm craving 
yes 
i would like it have rating of 
a hotel that is a 
give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, i want to leave the hotel at 
what can you tell me about the hotel 
no but i would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from 
no but i would like to make a booking for 
no but i would like to make a booking for 8 people and 
yes, i am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the 
yes, i am also looking for a good 
i want to leave at 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the west that serves 
what are some 
i'd like 
yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the 
what about a 
awesome. can i get a taxi from the college by 
i'm headed to 
i want a train leaving on 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 13:15 and i am leaving from 
i need to arrive by 13:15 and i am leaving from broxbourne going to 
i am trying to find a hotel called 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
i need a place to stay in the 
price does 
yes, please. can i book it for 2 people on 
yes, please. can i book it for 
yes, please. can i book it for 2 people on monday night with a 
i am looking for a place to stay with a 
no that doesn't matter. please just recommend a 
sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning 
sure, 
sure, 4 people for 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
asian oriental, and 
yes, i'd like a table for four people at 13:30 on 
yes, i'd like a table for four people at 
i want an 
the 
yes, for 4 people. it'll be a total of 4 nights starting from 
yes, for 
can i get a train to cambridge on 
can i get a train to 
actually, i need to depart from 
actually, i need to depart from leicester after 
i need to find a cheap 
i need to find a 
i'm going to cambridge and i need a train that leaves on 
i'm going to 
i'd like to leave from standsted sometime after 
that will work, can you reserve 
i'm sorry i don't need a restaurant, i need to find a hotel that has 
that sounds great. book it for me for 
that sounds great. book it for me for 7 people for 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a korean restaurant that's 
is it in the 
yes, please! i need a table for 8 on 
yes, please! i need a table for 
yes, please! i need a table for 8 on wednesday at 
how about 11:00 on 
how about 
i want a place to stay in the 
doesn't matter too much. i'd like a 
doesn't matter too much. i'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for australian food in the 
i'd also like to try a 
i don't mind changing the area. i just need moderate pricing and want something that serves 
i don't mind changing the area. i just need 
lets try 
for 
for 4 people at 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at during my trip to cambridge. i'd like it to be in the 
i'm looking for a 
the 
yes, please. there are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 4 nights, starting on 
yes, please. there are 
yes, please. there are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 
yes, please. there are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 
yes, i'm also looking for places i should check out. is there an entertainment attraction in the same area as the 
okay, what about a 
i want to find somewhere to go in the 
i also need to find restaurant serving modern 
ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at 
i am looking for information in 
i'm looking for a hotel called, 
alright. i'd like a room on 
alright. i'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 
alright. i'd like a room on saturday for 
i will also need a train for 
i will also need a train for saturday, leaving after 13:
going to 
i will be departing from 
there will be 
can you find me a 
i changed my mind about the internet. does 
yes. what is the price range for 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train going to 
im leaving cambridge and it will be on 
im leaving 
i need to arrive by 
i am not particular about departure time, please book 
yeah, i need to grab something to eat. i'm looking for a malay place in the 
yeah, i need to grab something to eat. i'm looking for a 
how about some indian food. is there any in the 
how about some 
it doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 6 at 12:45 on 
yes please. i need a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 6 at 
what time of 
thank you i also need a place to eat in the 
thank you i also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the 
how about someplace with 
yes, thank you. can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by 
i need to leave the restaurant by 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i'd like to find an 
can you make a reservation at loch fyne's for 4 people at 14:30 on 
can you make a reservation at loch fyne's for 
can you make a reservation at loch fyne's for 4 people at 
can you make a reservation at 
can you make a reservation at 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
any of them with free wifi and 
yes, that sounds good. i need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from 
yes, that sounds good. i need to book it for 
yes, that sounds good. i need to book it for 8 people for 
yes, i'm also needing to book a train to cambridge; i must arrive by 
yes, i'm also needing to book a train to 
i want to take the train on 
i should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 
i should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on 
i should depart 
i should depart london kings cross and arrive in 
i also want free wifi and i need the hotel to be 
i don't care what part of town it's in. i do need a room for 6 people, 4 nights, and we're arriving on 
i don't care what part of town it's in. i do need a room for 
i don't care what part of town it's in. i do need a room for 6 people, 
i'd prefer the 
no, lets try reserving it for 
i also need a place to dine that serves 
i also need a place to dine that serves international food and should be in the 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on saturday at 
are there any moderately priced places to eat with 
are there any 
cotto is fine. i want to book a table for 
cotto is fine. i want to book a table for 1 person at 
i would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the 
i would like to find a place with a 
can you find me a 
can you find me a 4 star 
i want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. i'd like it to be a hotel and 
a 
i am looking for a train for tuesday going to 
cambridge and i would like to leave 
i want it to arrive by 
yes please book 
yes i'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the 
yes i'd like to find a 
yes, i prefer a 
i'd like to check in on 
i'd like to check in on friday for 4 nights. book it for 
i'd like to check in on friday for 
i'd like to check in on friday for 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
it should be in the 
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 12 on 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 
i am looking for japanese food in the 
i am looking for 
try 
yes please. are you sure there are no japanese or mexican places in the same price range open on the 
please help me look for a train that leaves on friday and arrives at its destination by 
please help me look for a train that leaves on 
i am leaving from 
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 
cambridge and should go to 
i am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves 
i am also looking for a 
how about 
i'd like information on trains departing from 
i'd like information on trains departing from cambridge and arriving at 
i would like to leave sunday and arrive by 
i would like to leave 
i need to find an expensive 
i need to find an 
yes whatever one you recommend. i'll need seating for 7 people at 11:00 on 
yes whatever one you recommend. i'll need seating for 
yes whatever one you recommend. i'll need seating for 7 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay. i need to find free parking and i only want to stay in a 
the 
yes, please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 5 people and 
i am interested at eating at an expensive place in the 
i am interested at eating at an 
no i don't have a preference. i want to book for four people at 15:00 on 
no i don't have a preference. i want to book for four people at 
i don't care which part of town it is. i just want a 
i need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
i need it for 
i need it for 7 people for 
can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town 
thank you. i will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by 
my destination will be going from the 
my destination will be going from the castle galleries and going back to the 
i need a place to stay and i would like a 
no but i want it to be 
no but i want it to be cheap and have a 
any area of cambridge is fine. can you suggest a 
yes please book a room for 1 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes please book a room for 
yes please book a room for 1 people and 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
i want somewhere cheap in the 
i want somewhere 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like the 
yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes please make a booking for 
yes please make a booking for 6 people and 
i would like more info on the 
sure. i would like to book it for 6 people on 
sure. i would like to book it for 
sure. i would like to book it for 6 people on monday at 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the cambridge area. i really like 
i am looking for a 
hi, i'm looking for a particular restaurant named 
can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 3 people at 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i need a place in the 
i don't care about the price, but it should be 
no that does not matter. please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from 
no that does not matter. please make a suggestion and book it for 
no that does not matter. please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 
no that does not matter. please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 
that sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on 
that sounds great please book it for 
that sounds great please book it for 1 person for 
that sounds great please book it for 1 person for 
yes, can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 
yes, can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 
yes, can you please book a table at the 
i am trying to find when the train is leaving 
i am trying to find when the train is leaving sunday 
i am heading to 
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 16:00 going to 
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 
that is good, i also need a place to stay with a 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
are there any 
i need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 
i need a train departing from 
i'm going to leicester on 
i'm going to 
there will be 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like for it to have 
i would like to stay in the 
i am looking at the missing sock. i need to book it 
i am looking at the missing sock. i need to book it monday at 19:15 for 
i am looking at the missing sock. i need to book it monday at 
i am looking at 
great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the 
i want to visit an 
what about any museums in the 
what about any 
i want a taxi. i'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by 
book me a train from 
book me a train from birmingham new street that leaves after 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on tuesday to arrive in 
ill be arriving 
ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 
ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 
hello, i'm trying to take a train on 
hello, i'm trying to take a train on wednesday that leaves from 
i really need one that leaves after 
it doesn't matter, as long as i can book it for 
thanks, i'm also looking for an 
i'd like to eat in the city 
i'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. got any reco on 
pick one for me. book it for the same group of people at 
are any of those 
try it for 18:45 on the same day 
try it for 18:45 on the same day wednesday, and please give me the reference number. it will be for 
try it for 
i am looking for a place serving expensive 
i am looking for a place serving 
let's try the 
okay, can you book for 7 people on 
okay, can you book for 
okay, can you book for 7 people on sunday at 
i need a hotel to stay in the 
i need a 
i definitely want a hotel, and i'd like a place that has 
i definitely want a 
and there are no 
as long as it is in the 
let's go with the italian place. make me a reservation for 
let's go with the italian place. make me a reservation for friday for 
let's go with the italian place. make me a reservation for friday for 8 at 
let's go with the 
i want to board a train on 
i am travelling to cambridge and it should depart from 
i am travelling to 
i need to arrive by 
please make a booking for 
great, thank you! i'm also looking for a 
i am not picky about the area. i prefer the 
i am not picky about the area. i prefer the moderate price range and a 
yes please book the 
can you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for an 
does it have free wifi? is it in the 
check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on 
check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. book something for 
check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. book something for 1 person for 
check for one in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, what is the reference number? i also need a train that departs from cambridge by 
yes, what is the reference number? i also need a train that departs from 
will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from 
will you please try to book the hotel for 
will you please try to book the 
yes i also need to find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 
yes i also need to find a train out of 
yes i also need to find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in 
wednesday. i will need 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
can you book me a table for 6 at 15:00 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 6 at 
can you see if there is a table for 6 at 14:00 on 
can you see if there is a table for 
can you see if there is a table for 6 at 
thank you, can you please help me find a train on 
i actually need a train from leicester to cambridge on 
yes, that would work. can you go ahead and book me 
i'm looking for the 
i want to find a hotel in the 
i want to find a 
i will try the 
yes, i need a room starting on 
i will need three nights and with 
actually i was mistaken, i need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
actually i was mistaken, i need it to be booked for 
actually i was mistaken, i need it to be booked for 6 people for 
i'd like to leave by 
i'm looking for a place, i think it's called the 
departing from stevenage, going to cambridge. 
departing from 
departing from stevenage, going to 
departing from stevenage, going to cambridge. friday, want to leave after 
can you recommend a restaurant to me in the 
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i want to find a 
hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called 
yes, i would like a reservation at 18:15 on 
yes, i would like a reservation at 
is there an opening at 
i also need a train that leaves after 17:00 on 
i also need a train that leaves after 17:00 on friday departing from 
i also need a train that leaves after 
i need to go to 
i need a 
i need a moderately priced 
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
i am going to kings lynn from cambridge. i leave 
i am going to kings lynn from 
i am going to 
i'd like to arrive by 
i'd like to go to a restaurant that serves 
i'd like to go to a restaurant that serves chinese food for a 
yes can i book a table for 8 people at 12:00 on 
yes can i book a table for 
yes can i book a table for 8 people at 
i would like a 
i would like to find a guesthouse that is 
i would like to find a 
well, try one in the 
is there one available in the 
i would like to book any moderately priced guesthouse for 4 people starting on 
i would like to book any 
can you book something starting on 
did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 8 people for 4 nights starting 
did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 
did we not find any hotels in the expensive or 
i'm visiting cambridge as a tourist! i'm looking for an 
the only other preferences i have are that the hotel is a 
is there a hotel in a more 
what area is the 
ok, i'll look into that one. can you also tell me about the 
i am looking for information about 
yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 5 nights on 
yes, can you book me a reservation for 
yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 
oh yeah sorry, i want to travel out of cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by 
oh yeah sorry, i want to travel out of cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by 10:45 on 
oh yeah sorry, i want to travel out of 
oh yeah sorry, i want to travel out of cambridge and head to 
i'd like to find out more about the 
yes please, 
yes please, friday at 18:15 for 
yes please, friday at 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on 
looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the 
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the 
any type of food will be fine as long as it is 
i need a 
hmm, i'm 
hmm, i'm not sure. i am looking for a 
i would prefer one in the 
i would prefer one in the cheap range, a 
does the 
i need the address of an expensive restaurant in the 
i need the address of an 
i need a train to stansted airport from 
i need a train to 
thursday. i need to arrive by 
it should be a 
it should be a 4 star 
type doesn't matter. i want it to be cheap and in the 
type doesn't matter. i want it to be 
type doesn't matter. i want it to be cheap and in the north. with a 
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
can you help me find a 
i'd like to stay on the 
could you help me find a 
could you help me find a moderately priced 
yes, i think that would be fine. something in the 
not really. as long as it's in the 
i need it for 4 nights starting on 
i need it for 
i need it for 
please make the reservation for 
how about for 
hi, i am looking for a particular attraction. have you heard of 
yeah, are there any expensive 
yeah, are there any 
i would like the 
i need to get to the attraction by 
i would like a hotel with free wifi located in the 
i would like a 
a 
a moderate price range would be perfect. could you make sure it also has a star rating of 
sounds good, can you book it for me for 
sounds good, can you book it for me for wednesday, 3 nights and 
sounds good, can you book it for me for wednesday, 
sounds good, can you book it for me for wednesday, 
i am sorry, i am looking for a 
can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the botanic gardens at 
i need a 
i need one ticket please and for leaving at 
i need one ticket please and for leaving at 
yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 
yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 
could you help me book a hotel called 
i am looking for a 
the type of food doesn't matter to me, but i would like the restaurant to be in the 
italian sounds good. i need a reservation for 
italian sounds good. i need a reservation for thursday at 
i need a table for 
hello, i'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the 
hello, i'm looking for a place to eat - 
i would love to try 
perhaps the riverside brasserie. i would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on 
perhaps the riverside brasserie. i would like to book a table for 
perhaps the riverside brasserie. i would like to book a table for 8 at 
perhaps the 
yes i need at train arriving by 
yes i need at train arriving by 08:45 to 
i will be leaving 
i am departing from 
i would like a 
could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
could you book the hotel for 
could you book the hotel for 8 people for 
could you book the 
looking for places to go in the same area as the 
to my hotel. i want to leave the attraction by 
can you help me find a 
sure. i need something in the 
sure. i need something in the north, and i'd like a 
no thank you. i'm looking for a train that is departing from 
no thank you. i'm looking for a train that is departing from birmingham new street heading to 
i'm looking to travel on 
the train should leave on 
the train should leave on thursday and should leave 
hi! can you give me some information on the 
i'm also looking for museums to see in the 
i'm also looking for 
i want to leave the 
i want to leave the museum by 
i would like to leave the folk 
are there any concert halls in the 
what about colleges in the 
what about 
no thank you. i am looking for information 
could you? that would be great. there are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on 
could you? that would be great. there are 
could you? that would be great. there are 
have you ever heard of a hotel called the 
i want to find an 
i want to find an expensive 
i want to find an expensive 4 star 
do you have one in the 
okay, i'd really like to stay on the 
well are there any 
well are there any cheap 
sure. look for a cheap hotel, 4 stars, in the 
sure. look for a 
sure. look for a cheap hotel, 
can we start over? i think there is a bit of confusion. i need a hotel with four stars, in the 
cheap is fine. please book for 
cheap is fine. please book for friday, 
cheap is fine. please book for friday, 
i can book for 
i'm trying to find a restaurant by the name of 
yes. six people at 14:00 on 
yes. six people at 
thank you. yeah, i'm also looking for find a train out of cambridge that will arrive by 
thank you. yeah, i'm also looking for find a train out of 
my destination is the stansted airport on 
my destination is the 
can you just give me the departure time of the one that gets me to stansted a little before 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
yes i would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on 
yes i would like to book a room for 
can you also find a nightclub in the 
can you also find a 
well, could you look for a 
sure can i get the phone number to this 
thanks! i also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the 
don't you have one that serves 
don't you have one that serves 
actually, could you see if there is an 
yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at 18:15 this 
yes, can you put me down for a party of 
yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at 
can you try to book for 17:1
can you try to book for 
thank you so much for your help! we will arrive there at frankie and bennys ,17 :15 on 
thank you so much for your help! we will arrive there at frankie and bennys ,17 :1
thank you so much for your help! we will arrive there at 
what kind of attraction is 
hmm, well i am really wondering what the 
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves 
what kind of 
good. i would like to try 
no thanks. how about a 
yes, thank you. will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on 
yes, thank you. will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 
yes, thank you. will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on saturday at 
actually, i need it to be a 
that sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on 
that sounds good can you book it for 
i am looking for something to do on the 
also, can you find me a place to stay, in 
very well. i also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by 
i want to find a decent place to eat in the 
i want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town. my budget is a little constrained so 
do you have anything that serves 
let's do the varsity place for 3 people 11:00 on 
let's do the varsity place for 
let's do the varsity place for 3 people 
i need a train departing cambridge on 
i need a train departing 
i need to be in birmingham new street by 
i need to be in 
i am looking for a restaurant that sell 
i am looking for a restaurant that sell 
i would like a train into cambridge from 
i would like a train into 
yes, i'd like to travel on wednesday. i'll need to arrive by 
yes, i'd like to travel on 
yes, please book 
yes, i need a 
whoa whoa, easy there tiger, lets narrow the search down first. in the center, 0 stars, 
whoa whoa, easy there tiger, lets narrow the search down first. in the center, 
is 
yes i need a 
no, i don't need a 
hi, i'm planning a trip to 
hi, i'm planning a trip to north cambridge and i am looking for a 
i think i'll try the golden wok. can you get a reservation for 2 people 11:30 this 
i think i'll try the golden wok. can you get a reservation for 
i think i'll try the golden wok. can you get a reservation for 2 people 
i think i'll try the 
how about 
is there a train that arrives by 
is there a train that arrives by 15:15 from 
i am going to bishops stortford, leaving on 
i am going to 
yes, for 
i'm wanting to find a restaurant. the location i want is the 
i'm wanting to find a restaurant. the location i want is the west and i want something in the 
could i have the phone number for the 
i've heard of your 
no, but i need a cheap 
no, but i need a 
yes, please. i need it for 8 people at 14:00 
yes, please. i need it for 
yes, please. i need it for 8 people at 
i don't mind what time we leave, but i need to arrive at the restaurant by 
i am planning my trip to cambridge. i am looking for a 
i am planning my trip to cambridge. i am looking for a cheap place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and i want the hotel to be in the type of a 
great, can you book a room for 
great, can you book a room for thursday? i will be alone and need to stay for 
can you try for 
yes. i need a train that leaves 
yes. i need a train that leaves cambridge and goes to 
i'd like to travel on saturday and arrive by 
i'd like to travel on 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
yes, the 
i would like to go from stansted to 
yes the train should leave on monday and arrive by 
yes the train should leave on 
can you help me find a train departing from 
can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to 
i will be travelling on monday and need to arrive by 
i will be travelling on 
great thanks. so what time do i need to be at the 
thank you very much. could you help me get a 
i would like something in the 
yes, does the 
i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
ok. can you give me the address and phone number for restaurant 
i'm looking for an entertainment venue to visit in the cambridge 
i'm looking for an 
how about one that is in the type of 
thank you, can i also book a 
we can narrow this down a bit. i prefer a guest house in the 
does the 
i would like expensive 
i would like 
i would like the one in the 
please book that one for 5 people on 
please book that one for 
please book that one for 5 people on thursday at 
well, my reservation is at 
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
yes please, four people on 
yes please, four people on tuesday at 
can you tell me if you happen to have any 
yes 
yes ely to 
yes, can you lookup the 
can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on 
can you book at table for 
can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the area. it should serve 
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the area. it should serve spanish food, and it should also be in the more 
how about a 
i need to book a hotel. i need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 
it should be a 
yes, please book that one. it will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on 
yes, please book that one. it will need to be for 
yes, please book that one. it will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 
alright, what about only for 
alright, what about only for 
i'd like to find a 
i would like it booked for the same day at 
i'd like to go to an attraction in the 
yes, i'd also like to stay in an 
yes, i'd also like to stay in an expensive place. it should be a 
no i need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting 
no i need to find a hotel and book it for 
no i need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 
no i need to find a 
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by 
hello i am looking for a restaurant called 
that sounds great. can you reserve a table for 2 for 
that sounds great. can you reserve a table for 
that sounds great. can you reserve a table for 2 for sunday at 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for something 
could you get the postcode for hotel 
actually, on second thought. i should book it later. but, can you book me a taxi from allenbell to j restaurant. i need to be there by 
actually, on second thought. i should book it later. but, can you book me a taxi from 
actually, on second thought. i should book it later. but, can you book me a taxi from allenbell to 
thanks, i think that's all i need. could you just confirm whether the 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
is there anything else in the cheap price range on the 
is there anything else in the 
address and phone number for 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
something 
excellent that sounds great. i'm also looking for something to do. can you find me an attraction in the same area of the 
i need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. i need to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the 
i am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. could you recommend me any 
alright, would you also be able to help me find a train? i'm looking to leave on 
i'll be going to stansted airport from cambridge, and i need to arrive by 
i'll be going to stansted airport from 
i'll be going to 
as long as it will be arriving by 
as long as it will be arriving by 0
i am looking for a entertainment attraction in the 
i am looking for a 
yes can you look for a 
can you tell me the different 
can i get the postcode for the 
i need an insanely 
can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 2 nights on 
can you book the marriott hotel for 
can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 
can you book the 
i'll be going from the museum to the hotel. i'll need to leave by 
the 
maybe. anyway. i also need a place to stay in the 
can you help me find a place to eat called 
please make a booking for people at 19:00 on 
please make a booking for people at 
sure, try a time that would work. maybe 
sure, try a time that would work. maybe 
well, i'm also looking for train on 
well, i'm also looking for train on monday departing from leicester to cambridge arriving by 1
hello, can you find me a train to cambridge on 
hello, can you find me a train to 
i would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by 
i would be departing from peterborough on 
i would be departing from 
yes. can you make a reservation for 
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want 
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the 
you can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the 
you can help me by finding me a 
i want to make a reservation for three people starting 
i want to make a reservation for three people starting monday. we will be staying for 
i need to find a restaurant that serves 
i prefer everything 
yes. the same number of people on the same day. please book for 3 people at 18:00 on 
yes. the same number of people on the same day. please book for 
yes. the same number of people on the same day. please book for 3 people at 
i need a taxi to drive us from the carolina bed & breakfast to curry prince restaurant to arrive by my booked time of 
i need a taxi to drive us from the 
i need a taxi to drive us from the carolina bed & breakfast to 
i would like to know if there is an 
i guess we don't need a restaurant after all. my husband isn't hungry. he wants to take a look at a 
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 15:15 on 
how about you suggest one and book a table for 
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 
what train can i take to get to cambridge from 
what train can i take to get to 
i need to leave on 
i need a train that leaves after 15:00 on 
i need a train that leaves after 
i will be going to 
1 ticket please. i am also looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the 
1 ticket please. i am also looking for a moderately priced 
1 ticket please. i am also looking for a 
going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to cambridge? then, i want to book the anatolia restaurant for 
going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to cambridge? then, i want to book the 
going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to cambridge? then, i want to book the 
it would be 
i'd like the table reserved for 
i want an expensive 
i want an 
i'll give the cocum a try. please book a table for 
i'll give the cocum a try. please book a table for 6 for 
i'll give the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 3 star 
i'll go with the one in the south. i need a room for 
i need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 
i'm sorry, what did you say? is that reference number for the 
i need a train that leaves after 13:30 
i need a train that leaves after 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from cambridge and arrive at 
i can take care of that myself. can you also help me find a place to dine in the 
i can take care of that myself. can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced 
that's perfect. i'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 
that's perfect. i'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
yes please. i need reservations for eight people starting this 
could you start the booking on 
i'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the 
i'd like to find a 
i need a train leaving cambridge on 
i need a train leaving 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 21:30 and go to 
i also need a place to stay. i would like a hotel with a 
i want to eat. i am looking for a 
i want to eat. i am looking for a jamaican restaurant with a 
i would really prefer jamaican. are there any in the 
i would really prefer 
okay, well how about one that serves 
i will take care of that myself. could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by 
i will take care of that myself. could you find me a train going to 
i leave on 
i leave on wednesday, departing from 
i would like to book a total of 
i am looking for a 
i would like to try 
sure, i'd be happy with some 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from cambridge and going to 
i am looking to leave cambridge on 
i am looking to leave 
yes i need to arrive by 
yes i need to arrive by 1
can you help me find a train departing from 
i want to go to 
yes, i need a expensive restaurant in 
yes, i need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves 
yes, i need a 
will the train arrive at 
i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm also looking for an 
hi, is there a restaurant in town called the 
yes, please! i'd like a table on 
yes, please! i'd like a table on sunday for 
yes, please! i'd like a table on sunday for 5 people at 
could you try booking for 
i need information for the 
i need it for 
i need it for 4 people, we're staying 
thank you! i'm also looking for a good 
i want to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
can you help me find a restaurant that serves 
i'm not concerned with price. i do need a reservation for 7 at 15:30 on 
i'm not concerned with price. i do need a reservation for 
i'm not concerned with price. i do need a reservation for 7 at 
yes, i'm looking for hotels in the 
i need it to be a 
thank you. i also need to find a train departing from 
yes, you're right. i need to leave on monday, and i need to arrive by 
yes, you're right. i need to leave on 
can it get there by 
great, if you could book that one for 
i am looking for a 
i would prefer to be in the 
we will be arriving on 
we will be arriving on friday and staying 
i will need to take a train from 
i need to leave after 17:45 heading for 
i need to leave after 
can you help me find a restaurant in the 
can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. in fact, i need one that's quite in
where can i find 
i need to find a restaurant in the 
i need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves 
what about a mexican food restaurant also in the 
what about a 
that sounds good. please book a table for 1 people at 13:15 on 
that sounds good. please book a table for 
that sounds good. please book a table for 1 people at 
i also need to book a hotel. it needs to have 2 star and be of a 
i also need to book a hotel. it needs to have 
i will try the lovell lodge. will you book a room for me starting on 
i need a 
i want it in the 
please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 7 people and 
can you find me a 
yes, a restaurant serving 
i do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the 
can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from 
can you get me a train leaving after 
i need to go to norwich on 
i need to go to 
1
is it in the 
can you book a train for me? i need to leave after 16:00 on 
can you book a train for me? i need to leave after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from leicester and going to 
yes, it interests me a great deal. book it for 
it doesn't matter. i would like it to be in the 
can i get something that is 
yes, 
yes, sunday for 4 nights, 
yes, sunday for 
where can i find the best 
yes, could you suggest some 
i am looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge. i need to leave after 15:15 on 
i am looking for a train from 
i am looking for a train from london kings cross to 
i am looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge. i need to leave after 
sounds great i need reservations for 
hi, can you please give me information on 
i am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a 
is there a entrance fee? i am also looking for a cheap north american restaurant to dine at on the 
is there a entrance fee? i am also looking for a cheap 
is there a entrance fee? i am also looking for a 
are there any serving 
yes, get me a table for 
yes, get me a table for 3 at 
i need an indian restaurant in the 
i need an 
i want to find a college in the 
i want to find a 
could you tell me the entrance fee for 
what kind of 
it will just be me at the restaurant. please book a table for one at 
it will just be me at the restaurant. please book a table for one at 
i'm looking for places to go in 
great, thanks. also, can you give me some information on a place called the 
i'm looking for a 
do you know of any restaurants in the 
do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve 
is it 
yes i'd like one for 
yes i'd like one for sunday for 19:15, there will be 
yes i'd like one for sunday for 
is it also a 
yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on 
yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on wednesday for 
yes, please book it for 
thank you! do you have the reviews and address for the 
i would like a reservation for 
i would like a reservation for 2 at 
that will be on 
that will be on friday for 
no that is the only date and time i have available. are you sure you don't have anything for 
no that is the only date and time i have available. are you sure you don't have anything for wednesday at 1
no that is the only date and time i have available. are you sure you don't have anything for wednesday at 
what are some good 
anything that you would recommend in the 
thank you,i also need to find a guesthouse,that is 
thank you,i also need to find a 
okay thank you. i would also like a taxi to and from the 
okay thank you. i would also like a taxi to and from the cambridge 
i want to be picked up at the hotel by 
is there something wrong with you? i need a moderately priced guesthouse on the 
is there something wrong with you? i need a 
is there something wrong with you? i need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 
is there something wrong with you? i need a moderately priced 
my 4 friends and i want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on 
my 
my 4 friends and i want to stay for 
my 
i'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 
i'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 16:15 in 
i'll be leaving london liverpool street on 
yes please for 
can i find a place to eat in the 
can i find a place to eat in the centre which is 
are there any 
i think i'd like to visit shiraz restaurant. would you be able to book a table for 2 at 12:00 
i think i'd like to visit shiraz restaurant. would you be able to book a table for 
i think i'd like to visit shiraz restaurant. would you be able to book a table for 2 at 
i think i'd like to visit 
yes, i am looking for a 
i like expensive 
i like 
i would be interested in dining in the 
i will take a table for 6 at hakka for 13:30 on 
i will take a table for 
i will take a table for 6 at hakka for 
i will take a table for 6 at 
would alike a hotel in the 
would alike a hotel in the east with free wifi and free parking that is a 
okay could you try the 
yes. please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes. please book the lodge for 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the 
can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the 
can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves 
can you help me find a 
how about italian food. you do have italian restaurants don't you. moderately priced and in the 
how about 
how about italian food. you do have italian restaurants don't you. 
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 18:30 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 
yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 
yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star 
the area does not matter. but, i need it to be an actual hotel and have 
the area does not matter. but, i need it to be an actual 
sure, i need the reservation to be for 
sure, i need the reservation to be for 
four nights starting 
i need to be at the restaurant by 
i'm sorry. let me clarify. i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and i want to arrive at the restaurant by 
would you happen to know of any attractions involving 
i am also looking for 
i prefer something in the 
can you help me look for a taxi that will leave 
can you help me look for a taxi that will leave all saints church by 
i need to go to the 
i need an information on a train from 
i need an information on a train from cambridge to 
i would like to travel on saturday and get to ely by 
i would like to travel on saturday and get to 
no, i am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
no, i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for something that offers 
how about 
yes please. i need to book for 
i'd like to book it for 
i'm looking for a 
are there any in the 
thanks so much. i am also looking for a 
something in the 
wait, i'm staying in the 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
i need a cheap hotel in the 
i need a 
i need a cheap 
great. can i book that for three nights starting 
i'm looking for something 
are there any british restaurants on the 
are there any 
can you book that for 
i'd like to book 2 nights starting on 
i'd like to book 
yes i do, i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
what trains will leave from cambrige and arrive by 
i need to get your london kings cross on 
i need to get your 
what is the train id of the one arriving closest to 
ok, how about an expensive 
ok, how about an 
i would like it to have a four star rating and be located on the 
please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 
let's try 
let's try 
i am also looking for a 
yes i'd like to book for 5 at 13:00 on 
yes i'd like to book for 
yes i'd like to book for 5 at 
i need help finding a train for 
i would be leaving from 
i would be leaving from cambridge going o 
i just need to leave after 
as long as it leaves after 
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 0 star hotel in the 
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 0 star 
we're visiting the 
i need it to be a 
i actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 4 star hotel with free parking available in the 
i actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 
i actually only want a 
i would like to visit a museum in the 
i would like to visit a 
i would like 
is the 
yes, please. 
yes, please. thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. there are 
yes, please. thursday at 
yes, i'm also looking for a train on 
norwich. i need to get to cambridge by 
norwich. i need to get to 
yes, please book tickets for 
i'm just looking for a hotel called 
yes, i am looking for a theatre. possibly in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
i would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the hotel by 
can i please book a train to bishops stortford on 
can i please book a train to 
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 
i'd like to leave 
yes. please book for 
thank you. i also need help finding a place to stay. i'd prefer a 
i don't care about price. it needs to be in the 
does the 
i'm looking for the 
great, please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
great, please book it for 
great, please book it for 6 people and 
yes, what is a good place to see in the 
is it located in the 
yes, what is the phone number and postcode for 
is all saint church an entertainment attraction? i'm also looking for a place to dine in the 
is all saint church an entertainment attraction? i'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves 
is all saint church an entertainment attraction? i'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves eastern european food in the 
well, i guess i would like to try 
i need it on 
i need it on friday, for 
i need it on friday, for 6, at 
i would prefer 
anatolia sounds good. please book it for 6 people on 
anatolia sounds good. please book it for 
anatolia sounds good. please book it for 6 people on friday at 
i actually want 
are there any expensive restaurants that serve 
are there any 
it doesn't matter where it is, i just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on 
it doesn't matter where it is, i just need to book one of them for six people at 
i am looking for an 
do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 
do any of the 
no, that's ok, but i need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 
i would like something in the 
i would like something in the east with 
i would like it to be a 
yes, i would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i would like to book for 
yes, i would like to book for 8 people for 
yes, i would like to book for 8 people for 
i would prefer 
could you try a 
no i also need to find a hotel in the same area as my attraction and have a rating of only 
can i please have a reservation at el shaddai for 
can i please have a reservation at 
starting 
starting tuesday, i want to stay for 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i need a train that leaves after 15:00 on 
i need a train that leaves 
cmabridge to 
yes, and i also need that for 
i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve 
i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any 
yes, the same party. i'd like the reservation for 10:00 that same 
yes, the same party. i'd like the reservation for 
i would prefer it to be in the 
i don't care about price but i'd like a 
can you select one and make a reservation for me for 
can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning 
can you book that for me for 
there will be 
i also need a 
hmm, how about a 
will you please try again? there's gotta be a 
i just want a 
i need to get there by 
i need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. i want to leave the attraction by 
i want an expensive restaurant and serves 
i want an 
i want to make a booking at the 
i will be staying four nights starting on 
4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from 
can i get some information on the 
thank you. i am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with 
i would like that in the 
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, i want to leave the hotel by 
can you help me find an expensive 
can you help me find an 
kymmoy in the 
kymmoy in the centre area is great. would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on 
kymmoy in the centre area is great. would you book a table of 
kymmoy in the centre area is great. would you book a table of 8 people at 
i'm headed off to 
i also would like to find a restaurant serving 
i also would like to find a restaurant serving british food that is 
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 
no thank you. i am looking for a 
i'd like to book the lensfield hotel for 2 nights for 8 people starting from 
i'd like to book the lensfield hotel for 2 nights for 
i'd like to book the lensfield hotel for 
i'd like to book the 
i'd like to book the lensfield 
can you find the restaurant names 
yes, please. i need one for 
yes, please. i need one for friday at 
yes, please. i need one for friday at 
sure, any other restaurant in the 
sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is 
yes, please book the restaurant 
we want to try a local restaurant that serves 
i would like a restairant in the 
i also need a train that is leaving on 
i also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from 
i want to travel into 
i want to travel into cambridge and leave sometime after 
yes, could i get 
i'm looking for a gastropub in the 
i'm looking for a 
could you please provide the phone number, address and postcode for the 
great can i also get a train going to leicester and arriving by 
great can i also get a train going to 
cambridge, and i will be traveling on 
can you help me find some 
i don't care but i need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of 
yes, i am looking for a place to dine. can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves 
yes, i am looking for a place to dine. can you recommend a restaurant in the 
how about 
i'm sorry i did not want british food. are there any chinese restaurants instead located in the 
i'm sorry i did not want british food. are there any 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving 
i want to stay at an 
i want to stay at an expensive 
i would like to stay at 
yes, can you please send me the info on a 
what do we have to eat in the expensive 
what do we have to eat in the 
nothing in the 
what about 
yes. i'd like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on 
yes. i'd like a table for 
yes. i'd like a table for 1 person at 
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving 
i want to find a 
how about 
yes, what is the address for 
i need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the 
what is the phone number and postcode of 
hi, i'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on 
hi, i'm heading to 
yes, i'm leaving from cambridge. departure time doesn't matter, but i need to arrive by 
yes, i'm leaving from 
no, i said arrive by 
no, thats ok. i also need to find a cheap 
any that you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for 
any that you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for friday at 10:00. there will be 
any that you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for friday at 
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves 
ok, how about a 
i need a train to peterborough on 
i need a train to 
does it arrive by 
i need a train that departs from 
i need a train that departs from cambridge. does tr4765 go from cambridge to 
i am thinking indian food would be perfect and in the 
i am thinking 
i do not have a specific price or location in mind. please just send me the address and phone number of an 
i am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the 
i am coming to cambridge and need a 
wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the 
wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the ashley 
i'm going from cambridge to london kings cross on monday. i'd like to be there by 
i'm going from cambridge to london kings cross on 
i'm going from 
i'm going from cambridge to 
sounds perfect. can i get 
i want some 
i want some welsh food. 
i'd like a 
hi, i am looking for a british-themed restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for a 
hi, i am looking for a 
i would like a 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 8 at 12:00 on 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 
yes, please. i'd like a table for 8 at 
how about 
i am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 
sure, can i book for 4 nights starting 
sure, can i book for 4 nights starting saturday for 
greetings, i'm looking for a 
yu garden sounds perfect. can you reserve a table for 3 for me? we will be there on 
yu garden sounds perfect. can you reserve a table for 
yu garden sounds perfect. can you reserve a table for 3 for me? we will be there on saturday at 
i also need a 
i will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. can you book a taxi to take me to 
i want my booking at the b and b to start on 
i would really like a guesthouse in the 
i would really like a 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for an 
pick your favorite and book it for 
maybe 
maybe friday at 
thanks. can you also find a place to go in the 
i'm looking for an attraction with multiple sports in the 
i'm looking for an attraction with 
thank you. i just happen to be looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be located 
thank you. i just happen to be looking for a place to stay. the 
i definitely prefer something on the 
i would like a five star 
yes thats fine. i need it for 4 nights starting 
yes thats fine. i need it for 4 nights starting monday. there will be 
yes thats fine. i need it for 
i am looking for an upscale restaurant with 
i'm needing a 
give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the 
give me an expensive 
give me an 
i would like to book for 
i would like to book for saturday at 12:15 for 
i would like to book for saturday at 
thank you so much. can you help me find a 
thank you so much. can you help me find a 2 star 
will i be able to get out of cambridge by train on 
will i be able to get out of 
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 
yes please book it for 
i need a place to stay as well. preferably a 
i need a place to stay as well. preferably a 4 star 
i would like a 
i haven't decided yet but i would love a 
ill take either of the 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves indian food in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves 
i'm not concerned about price, but i need a table for 6 at 12:15 on 
i'm not concerned about price, but i need a table for 
i'm not concerned about price, but i need a table for 6 at 
yes please for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
yes please for 
what about 
i would prefer an 
i would prefer an east location and 
could you make it the 
what about an 
yes please. i'd like to find a good 
in that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving 
yes, can you book one for 4 on 
yes, can you book one for 
yes, can you book one for 4 on thursday at 
can you help me find a 
moderate price range. something with 
can you book for seven people for three nights starting from 
i'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. i'll be departing from 
i'm also looking for a train to get to 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of 
i also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 
allrighty, can i book a room for 3 people at the university arms hotel, for 4 nights starting on 
allrighty, can i book a room for 
allrighty, can i book a room for 3 people at the university arms hotel, for 
allrighty, can i book a room for 3 people at the 
allrighty, can i book a room for 3 people at the university arms hotel, for 
would you happen to have any expensive 
would you happen to have any 
i would like 
any part of town is good. i need a booking for two people on 
any part of town is good. i need a booking for two people on saturday at 
i would like a train to stansted airport by 
i would like a train to 
sunday, and i will be departing 
that's great. can you book that train for 
i am looking to go to a 
i'm willing to go wherever the best 
yes, i need information on a cheap restaurant in the 
yes, i need information on a 
i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the 
i am looking for an 
the type of food doesn't matter. i just need a table for 3 for 
the type of food doesn't matter. i just need a table for 
i would like to find a 
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
i don't have a preference but i would like free wifi, parking in a guesthouse in the 
i don't have a preference but i would like free wifi, parking in a 
i'm looking for somewhere to go in the 
i'm looking to book a train that will depart out of 
i'm looking to book a train that will depart out of cambridge. can you give me information about trains that leave cambridge and arrive in 
no i need one that arrives at 
what? 
yes i would like this train booked. i need ticket for 
okay thanks. can you also help me find somewhere to stay? i'd like a guesthouse in the 
okay thanks. can you also help me find somewhere to stay? i'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 
okay thanks. can you also help me find somewhere to stay? i'd like a 
the one with wifi will work. i need to book it for 
the one with wifi will work. i need to book it for friday, 5 nights, 
the one with wifi will work. i need to book it for friday, 
are there any expensive restaurants in the 
are there any 
great. i am also looking train schedules, leaving from stevanage and going to 
i need to leave sometime after 11:00 and i need tickets for 
i need to leave sometime after 
i'd like to leave 
i'm looking for a 
in the 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
morning! i need a train departing from 
yes, my train should leave on 
yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i am looking for an attraction to visit in the 
i am looking for an attraction to visit in the west that involves 
how about a museum in the 
how about a 
i am also looking for a particular hotel named 
can you give me information on a restaurant called 
i would like to book a table for 2 for 
i would like to book a table for 
at 
if 
i need to find a 
i need to find a vietnamese restaurant in the 
can you try 
i'm a pathological liar. i don't want chinese. i actually want 
i'd like it to be in the 
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on 
recommend one and book a table for 
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 
i would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. it should be 
i would prefer a hotel, in the 
actually, i am open to a guest house. can you check to see if there is a 
actually, i am open to a guest house. can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the 
could you book it for me? i need it for 
could you book it for me? i need it for 
could you book it for me? i need it for 
yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. i need to be at the restaurant by 
could you provide some information about the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
hm, i guess a 
well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. book it for 1 person for 
well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. book it for 
well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. book it for 1 person for saturday at 
well then find me another type of 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like a place that is 
no, thanks. i would like the postcode to that 
i am also looking for something to do in town. are there any 
yes, please try the 
i'd like a restaurant with 
i would like to stay at 
looking for a place to dine in moderate price and in the 
looking for a place to dine in 
yes 
how about checking 
can i take a train from 
i need to go to cambridge on tuesday and arrive by 
i need to go to cambridge on 
i need to go to 
sure, i need to book it for 
i also need a 
can i get the price range, address, and phone number for the 
what is the name of the 
what is the name of the 4 star 
i need a train to 
i need a train to cambridge leaving after 
not at all. i need a train departing from 
not at all. i need a train departing from peterborough to 
is that train running on 
is that train running on sunday? i need to travel from 
is that train running on sunday? i need to travel from peterborough to 
yes. i need to book that for 
yes, i also need a 
yes, i also need a cheap guest house. it should be 
sunday, 2 nights. 
sunday, 
it will be on 
i need some information on a place called 
yes, i'm looking for 
i don't care about that but i would like the address and area of the 
what is the address for 
the gonville caius 
i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves 
yes, how about 
any good places to eat in 
we wouldn't mind trying something new. we'd like to treat ourselves to something in the 
i need a place to stay in cambridge that is a 
i don't really have a preference for location, but i want someplace with free wifi and would like it in the 
yes, that would be great. 2 nights for 
yes, that would be great. 
yes, that would be great. 
staying for two nights beginning on 
i also need a place to dine in the 
i also need a place to dine in the centre area. can you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves 
i also need a place to dine in the centre area. can you recommend an 
hello, i'm sight seeing in cambridge and i'm looking for somewhere to eat on the 
any cuisine is fine, but i would like it to be in the 
please book a table for 2 at 19:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 2 at 
what is the entrance fee to the 
what is the entrance fee to the cambridge arts 
that's okay, can i get a taxi from 
that's okay, can i get a taxi from cambridge arts theatre to 
that's okay, can i get a taxi from cambridge arts theatre to meghna by 
moderately priced restaurant in the 
please give me the address of the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should serve 
yes i need table for 6 people at 12:15 on 
yes i need table for 
yes i need table for 6 people at 
i'm looking for 
the gonville 
does it have free wifi and what is the rating of the 
how many stars is the 
are there any 
thanks, but i believe we are repeating ourselves. the 
i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge on 
i am looking for a train departing from 
i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to 
the train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday. the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 
the train should depart from leicester and should leave on 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday. the train should go to 
i am also in the market for a new restaurant. is there something in the 
i'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, i am interested more in 
how about a place that serves 
can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the 
can you recommend an eritean or 
that sounds like it will do. can you reserve a table for the same group of people at 
just double checking. the restaurant reservation is for 
just double checking. the restaurant reservation is for saturday at 
hello. i'm trying to find a restaurant called 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 7 for 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 
yes, i'd like to book a table for 7 for sunday at 
no, not really. it just needs to be a 
that sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the 
i would like to visit an attraction in the 
i am looking for places to go in town in the 
yes please. i also need a restaurant for a nice, 
i have heard a lot about 
yes, please also make a reservation for 
monday at 
sorry, did you not understand me earlier? i said the restaurant needs to be in the same area as the attraction. neither of those are in the 
please. to reiterate - i need a table for 8 on 
please. to reiterate - i need a table for 
please. to reiterate - i need a table for 8 on monday at 
yes, i would like somewhere that serves mediterranean cuisine and is located in the 
yes, i would like somewhere that serves 
what is the phone number and postcode for 
thanks, and i'll need 2 tickets on a train. i'll be heading from norwich to cambridge on friday, and i need to arrive by 
thanks, and i'll need 
thanks, and i'll need 2 tickets on a train. i'll be heading from norwich to cambridge on 
thanks, and i'll need 2 tickets on a train. i'll be heading from 
thanks, and i'll need 2 tickets on a train. i'll be heading from norwich to 
i am going to the 
i wanta restaurant in the 
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves 
no i just need a taxi from 
no i just need a taxi from camboats at 
i want to find a chinese restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
no thanks, but i would like to find a place to stay. i need a 
i do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and i would like someplace 
i do want a 
let's go with the university arms hotel. i'd like it for 2 people starting 
let's go with the university arms hotel. i'd like it for 
let's go with the university arms hotel. i'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. we'd like to stay for 
let's go with the 
let's go with the university arms 
i need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving 
i need the address, phone number and postcode for a 
hi, i'm looking for a train for my upcoming trip to 
i am departing from bishops stortfod on 
i am departing from bishops stortfod on friday. i can leave after 
thank you i was also hoping to find a british place to eat in the 
thank you i was also hoping to find a 
lets do a 
first, i need a cheap guesthouse in the 
first, i need a 
first, i need a cheap 
i would prefer the 4 star rated one. i need to book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
i would prefer the 4 star rated one. i need to book it for 
i would prefer the 
i would prefer the 
yes i need a train that leaves on 
yes i need a train that leaves on monday going to 
i need to depart from 
i need to depart from cambridge, leaving after 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
how about 
an actual 
for 1 person, 2 nights starting 
for 
for 1 person, 
yes, i'm also looking for a place called the 
it will be at 16:00 on 
it will be at 
it will be at 
i'd like a train leaving 
i'd like a train leaving cambridge for 
i need to travel on 
i need to travel on tuesday after 
i really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a 
i really want to stay in a 
i really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a moderate price range. i don't care if there's free parking, but it has to be a 
please book it for 1 person, for 4 nights starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 1 person, for 
i am looking for a hotel on the 
i am looking for a 
i'd like to stay in a 
i would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
i would like a reservation for 
i would like a reservation for 
i would like a reservation for 
i am looking for a train from stevanage to 
eww, friday won't really work for me. do you have anything on 
that train sounds good, can you book it for 
yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 4 on 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 4 on thursday at 
are there any trains leaving 
i'm trying to get to london liverpool street on 
i'm trying to get to 
i don't have a preference but i do need to arrive by 
yes, please book it for 
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the 
thanks! now can you help me find an 
yes, please reserve it for 3 people on 
yes, please reserve it for 
yes, please reserve it for 3 people on friday at 
i need a train from 
i need to leave on 
yes, time travel would be fine. but i need to get to cambridge by 
yes, time travel would be fine. but i need to get to 
yes, please book this for 
just a 
thank you. that's all i need for 
is that a 
i'm looking for a 
i would prefer the 
that sounds acceptable. can you please book a room for me starting on 
that sounds acceptable. can you please book a room for me starting on wednesday? it will only be me and i will be staying 
i am also looking to get some 
do you have one in the 
do you have one in the east, in the 
can you find one in the 
i would like the reservation on the same day at 
i would like the reservation on the same day at 
hi, i'm really looking forward to coming to cambridge. you have an 
yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next 
yes, i am also looking to visit 
i need a taxi to take me from 
i want to leave 
i want to leave the fez club by 
i'm looking for some entertainment in the 
i'm looking for some 
thanks. can you help me find a 
i need it to be in the 
i need it to be in the west and i would prefer a 
please! can you help me book a taxi to 
please! can you help me book a taxi to nusha? i'd like to leave the hotel by 
could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
could you please help me find an 
hello, i am new to town and would like some ideas on whee i should go in the 
thanks, i'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the 
thanks, i'm also looking for an expensive 
thanks, i'm also looking for an 
i apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but i would like something preferably in the 
no thank you. i'm looking for an 
let's go with 
i also need a taxi from 
i also need a taxi from vue cinema to 
i also need a taxi from vue cinema to curry garden. i need to leave curry garden by 
somewhere 
somewhere south, mid price range and preferably a 
i need it for 3 nights starting 
i need it for 3 nights starting thursday. there will be 
i need it for 
is there any expensive 
is there any 
okay, let's adjust the food type to 
i would like a cab leaving the hotel by 
i'm looking for colleges in the 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for the college to be in the 
i'm looking for the 
yes, please. i'm looking for a 
yes, please. i'm looking for a cheap 
i am flying into the area and would love to find a nice 
i don't care about price but would like one in the 
does this hotel has internet? if 
yeah, is the 
i just am looking for a place to stay in the 
i just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a 
price doesn't matter. i need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting 
price doesn't matter. i need it for 
price doesn't matter. i need it for 3 people for 
is that in the centre area and a 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on 
great, if they can book for 
great, if they can book for 6 people for 
thank you! are there any places to go in the 
i want to leave by 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i need to know more about the 
i would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from 
i would like to make a booking for book it for 
i would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 
i need information on india house, a restaurant. i need to book for 5 people at 16:45 for 
i need information on india house, a restaurant. i need to book for 
i need information on india house, a restaurant. i need to book for 5 people at 
i need information on 
i am looking for 
not at this time, thank you. i am, however, looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford on 
not at this time, thank you. i am, however, looking for a train that goes to 
i'd like to depart from 
i'd like to depart from cambridge after 
i need to catch a train in london king's cross to ride into 
i want to leave on 
thank you! that sounds excellent! i am also craving 
thank you! that sounds excellent! i am also craving british food. are there any 
i would like it at 
does cambridge have an indian restaurant in the 
does cambridge have an 
i need a 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 people at 5:15 on 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 people at 
i also need to book a train for my trip to 
i will be leaving from birmingham new street on 
i'll depart anytime as long as i can get to cambridge by 
i'll depart anytime as long as i can get to 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
actually, i don't want to book it at this time. can i get some information about the 
howdy, i was wondering if the 
i would like to stay at the 
i need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a 
i need it for 
i need it for 
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
im also looking for a 
leaving the 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
im looking for a place to dine, it should be in the 
im looking for a place to dine, it should be in the south serving morden 
it is ok provided that it is 
the area doesn't really matter too much. i would like something with 
please book it for 3 nights starting on 
please book it for 3 nights starting on thursday. i want the booking to be for 
please book it for 
i was hoping to find a 
definitely the 
yes, i'd like to try some 
can you try an indian place instead? and something in the 
can you try an 
can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at 12:45 on 
can you book the moderate priced one for 
can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at 
can you book the 
i would like a 
rosa's bed and breakfast sounds fine. can you book it for 3 people arriving on 
rosa's bed and breakfast sounds fine. can you book it for 
rosa's bed and breakfast sounds fine. can you book it for 3 people arriving on thursday for 
yes i also need to book a train for 3 people on 
yes i also need to book a train for 
i'm looking for a japanese place in the 
i'm looking for a 
great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on 
great, please book a table for 
great, please book a table for 7 people at 
okay, i also need a train to get to 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge on saturday after 13:45. i''ll be heading to 
i'll be leaving cambridge on saturday after 
it doesn't matter when i arrive as long as i leave after 14:35 from cambridge on 
it doesn't matter when i arrive as long as i leave after 14:35 from 
i need the phone number to a restaurant located in the 
i need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is 
i need an 
i would like 
is there any restaurants severing 
is that 
i am open to all types of food as long as it's in the 
there are 
can you help me find guesthouses in the 
can you help me find 
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
book it for 4 people and 
i need to find a place to eat in 
i'm looking for an inexpensive 
yes, a table for 6, 
yes, a table for 
yes, a table for 6, friday at 
yeah, can you recommend a place in the area? preferably something 
hi there. i'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a 
not really. it does need to be a 
does it have a star of 
what about one that is in the 
no area preference. any of them are fine. can you book one for me starting 
there will be three people and we need it for 
there will be three people and we need it for 
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 
i'm sorry i did not mention i am looking for an entertainment attraction in the 
i'm sorry i did not mention i am looking for an 
what type of 
i'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i think 
wow, i cant believe that i got a person this quickly. i need a train to cambridge. i want to get there buy tuesday at 
wow, i cant believe that i got a person this quickly. i need a train to cambridge. i want to get there buy 
wow, i cant believe that i got a person this quickly. i need a train to 
i'll be leaving from 
awesome. could you also help me find a restaurant in the 
it should be in the 
i am looking for something in the moderate price range in the 
i am looking for something in the 
yes please! i'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on 
yes please! i'd like a table for one person at 
how about a table at 
how about a table at 
yes i would like a reservation for one at 
yes i would like a reservation for one at 
i'm looking for a thai restaurant on the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like a table for 
yes, please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the 
i would really like to find a basque restaurant on the 
i would really like to find a 
how about 
please send me general information about a particular hotel called the 
yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on 
i need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, i'd like it to be 
i need you to help me find an 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for some entertainment in the 
i'm also looking for information on a restaurant called 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for saturday for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for saturday for 5 people at 
i am looking for a hotel on the 
i am looking for a 
i'd like a zero star 
sure, let's look for a 
sure, let's look for a 4 star 
as long as it's 
yes, please book the 
yes how about 
yes, where can i find a hotel for 4 nights and 5 people, 
yes, where can i find a hotel for 4 nights and 
yes, where can i find a hotel for 
yes, where can i find a hotel for 
yes, where can i find a 
that's ok. i do need to find a moderately priced 
that's ok. i do need to find a 
how about one that serves 
is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in cambridge by 
is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in 
i'll be coming in from stansted airport on 
i'll be coming in from 
yes, please! the one at 8:24 please. 
thanks. i'm also looking for information on 
the hotel should be in the 
i really want to treat myself so i was thinking expensive 
i really want to treat myself so i was thinking 
oh and i'm going to need a place to stay. can you find me an 
it doesn't matter but can you find one in the 
i want to find a cheap restaurant and serves 
i want to find a 
i'm looking for a train going to broxbourne leaving on 
i'm looking for a train going to 
yes, i need to arrive in broxbourne by 
yes, i need to arrive in 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
yes, i'm also looking for a 4 star 
i don't have a preference of price but i'd like for it to be a guesthouse in the 
i don't have a preference of price but i'd like for it to be a 
sure, i'll try kirkwood house. make me a booking for 5 nights for a party of 5, checking in on 
sure, i'll try kirkwood house. make me a booking for 
sure, i'll try kirkwood house. make me a booking for 
sure, i'll try 
i will be in cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the 
how about a 
can you book it for me? just for one person starting on 
can you book it for me? just for one person starting on wednesday for 
can you try for just 
i'd actually like to be picked up from 
i'd actually like to be picked up from alexander bed and breakfast by 
can you find me a 
hi there. i am looking for a train out of 
my desired destination is 
friday after 18:15. i will need 
friday after 
i need a hotel that is 
i need a 
is there anything with 
yeah, lets try 
yes please for the same group of people on 
i'd like to stay for 
i'd like to stay for 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves 
i would like to travel on wednesday by train departing from kings lynn to cambridge. but want to arrive by 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on wednesday by train departing from 
i would like to travel on wednesday by train departing from kings lynn to 
thanks! i also need a 
can you tell me if 
can you tell me if ashley 
okay, i need the address of a hotel in the 
okay, i need the address of a 
yes, can you look in the 
i'm looking for an upscale 
is there any in the 
sounds great. i need to be there 
sounds great. i need to be there saturday and we will be staying 
i am departing from cambridge and going to stevenage. this will be for saturday and i want to arrive by 
i am departing from cambridge and going to stevenage. this will be for 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and going to 
yes. please book for 
looking for something in the cheap price range that serves danish food. if that is not available then 
looking for something in the 
for 6 people at 11:15 on 
for 
for 6 people at 
i'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves 
i'd like to find an 
i would like the 
yes, please. there are 4 of us for this 
yes, please. there are 
yes, please. there are 4 of us for this friday at 
how about 
yes, i need a train for wednesday arriving at 
yes, i need a train for 
i need the train to go to cambridge and leave from 
i need the train to go to 
i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge, arriving by 
i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on 
i need a train from 
i need a train from stansted airport to 
thank you. im also looking for a hotel in the 
thank you. im also looking for a hotel in the north in the 
thank you. im also looking for a 
sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 
sure, can you book it for 
i am hoping you can help me find a 
i will be in the 
i will be in the west and it needs to be 
yes please make a booking for 6 people at 14:45 on 
yes please make a booking for 
yes please make a booking for 6 people at 
sure, i need the address and postcode for an attraction called 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a good 
perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a good turkish restaurant that's 
can i get more information about 
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. i want to leave the restaurant by 
yes, i want to leave the restaurant by 
yes, i want to leave the restaurant by 0
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 
i'm looking to stay in a 
can you check instead for 
i don't have a preference for the area. can you recommend 1 of the 
that sounds great. lets see if you can book it for 
that sounds great. lets see if you can book it for tuesday for 
that sounds great. lets see if you can book it for tuesday for 
i am also looking for a train on 
i am also looking for a train on thursday. i will be departing from 
i am also looking for a train on thursday. i will be departing from cambridge and traveling to 
i am looking to arrive no later than 
yes, i'll actually need 
i am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the 
i am looking for a 
no i want to stay in the 
no i want to stay in the centre. can you check if there are any 
can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for 
i am also looking for a cheap 
i am also looking for a 
ok, i'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on 
ok, i'd like to book a table for 
ok, i'd like to book a table for 6 people at 
i am looking for 
i am looking for irish food that is 
how about 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to cambridge. i'm looking for a 
hello, i'm looking for a 
actually, i just realized the allenbell won't work as it is in the east. i need a gueshouse that is located in the 
actually, i just realized the 
i need some help finding a train to 
departing from peterborough on friday. i should arrive by 
departing from peterborough on 
departing from 
i would like to arrive by 
yes. actually, i would like to book 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the 
why don't you try 
are there any places to stay in the 
it should be a guesthouse, have 
it should be a 
as long as it is a guesthouse in town 
as long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. i'd like to book for 3 nights starting 
as long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. i'd like to book for 
as long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 
as long as it is a 
i would like that for 4 people for 3 nights starting on 
i would like that for 
i would like that for 4 people for 
nah, i just realized i hate sports. a lot. how about 
i am looking for a hotel called 
great i am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting 
great i am going to need that hotel for 
yes, 
i'm needing to find a train that goes to cambridge. i want to arrive by 
i'm needing to find a train that goes to 
i need to leave from leicester on 
i need to leave from 
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay. are there any guesthouses in the 
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay. are there any 
yes i am looking for a 
yes i am looking for a moderately priced 
i will also need the postcode and the star rating of that 
i would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
something 
i'm looking for something in the 
can you book me a table for 6 people at 18:45 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 6 people at 
can you help me find a place to eat serving 
can you help me find a place to eat serving british food in the 
in the 
yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 16:45 on 
yes please, could you book a table for 
yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 
i actually need a moderate hotel in the 
i actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. i don't need free parking. i will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on 
i actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. i don't need free parking. i will need the hotel booked for 
i actually need a 
i am planning my trip to cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the 
i am planning my trip to cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
i would like a 
sure, book it for 3 people at 14:45 on 
sure, book it for 
sure, book it for 3 people at 
yes, could we try for 1
yes, could we try for 
i want to go to a 
where can i find a restaurant located in the cambridge 
the attraction should be in the 
thank you for the information. i do have one other request. i am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called 
yes. i would like it for 1. 15:15 on 
yes. i would like it for 
yes. i would like it for 1. 
great! can you also book me a taxi from all saints church to fitzbillies by 
great! can you also book me a taxi from 
great! can you also book me a taxi from all saints church to 
i am looking for the 
yes. i am looking for a place to stay that has 
yes please. book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning 
yes please. book a room for 
yes please. book a room for 4 people for 
yes please. book a room for 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
is there a 
i'm looking for a 
hmm, what about 
yes, i'd like to take my husband there at 11:30 on 
yes, i'd like to take my husband there at 
as long as it arrives by 
i would like a a decent 
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking and has a 
i'm looking for a 
are there any good bistro restaurants in the 
are there any good 
what about 
i'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the 
i'm looking for a 
what do you have with a rating of 
no, it has to be in the 
no, it has to be in the west. a 4 star place would be okay, as long as it is a 
well, i definitely want a hotel in the 
well, i definitely want a hotel in the west. i need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting 
well, i definitely want a hotel in the west. i need one for 
well, i definitely want a hotel in the west. i need one for 6 people for a stay of 
well, i definitely want a 
is the cambridge belfry available for 4 nights starting 
is the cambridge belfry available for 4 nights starting saturday for 
is the cambridge belfry available for 
is the 
are there any four star hotels in the 
are there any four star 
to recap, i need a hotel in the 
to recap, i need a 
ok, can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the 
ok, can you just book a 
ok, can you just book a 
ok, can you just book a 4 star 
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star hotel in the 
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people. checking in on 
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people. checking in on saturday, 
let me try again. i am needing a 
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star 
i need a hotel type in the 
i need a hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on 
i need a hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 
i need a hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 
i need a hotel type in the west that's 
i need a 
no, i'm sorry that was so confusing. it appears i have 2 
i am looking for a 
i made a mistake. i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i made a mistake. i am looking for a 
i prefer 
how about that 
i need a place to stay in the 
i am looking for something in a 
that's all the info i need about the 
i need to go to cambridge from 
i need to go to 
i just need to get there by 
yes, i need tickets for 
yes i need a hotel in the 
yes i need a hotel in the east and 
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on 
i would like to book it 
are there any multiple sports attractions in the 
are there any 
oh no, ok. what about a 
great can i also get a taxi between the hotel and 
great can i also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? i want to leave the attraction by 
yes, i would like to find a hotel in the 
yes, i would like to find a 
doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. i just want it to be a 
doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. i just want it to be a 0 star 
yes please, 6 people for 5 nights and we would be arriving 
yes please, 
yes please, 6 people for 
yes, a guesthouse is fine. i was looking for zero stars and in the 
yes, a 
let book the same but on 
i'm also looking for somewhere to go. perhaps the 
will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the 
will you help me find a 
are there any that are in the 
how about a restaurant that serves 
yeah. that sounds good. can you book it for 4 people at 19:30 on 
yeah. that sounds good. can you book it for 
yeah. that sounds good. can you book it for 4 people at 
i would like to go from cambridge to ely on 
i would like to go from 
i would like to go from cambridge to 
hi, are there any theatres in the 
hi, are there any 
i'm also looking for the 
could you give me information on a hotel called 
can i book 3 people for 4 nights starting on 
can i book 
can i book 3 people for 
yes, please find me another one that's available on 
i am looking for a place to go and it should be in the 
no, that's ok, are there any parks in the 
no, that's ok, are there any 
sure, give me the info for the 
i would also like a reservation at a a 
i would also like a reservation at a a jamaican restaurant in that area for seven people at 12:45, if there is none 
the price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at 12:45 on 
the price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 
the price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at 
where can i go that is located in the 
anything in the 
thank you! i'm also looking for an 
okay, how about one that serves 
i want 
my sister loves india house. that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 at 12:30 on 
my sister loves india house. that sounds great. can you book a table for 
my sister loves india house. that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 at 
my sister loves 
do they have anything available at 
i am trying to find a 
how about a expensive 
how about a 
monday 
also looking for a place to stay. the 
can i get the address, postcode and price range of that 
sure, that would be great. one person for 
what was i thinking! i wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at 12:30 on wednesday. please change my booking at 
no, please find me a zero star 
i am looking for a 
one that serves 
i guess i can do spanish food, try to find something in the 
i guess i can do 
i'd like the 
can i get a table for 3 at 11:30 on 
can i get a table for 
can i get a table for 3 at 
i also looking for a train to cambridge, arriving by 
i also looking for a train to 
the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from 
does that arrive before 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like it to be in the east and it should be 
i need to book a table for 6 on 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 6 on sunday at 
i need to find a train to get to the restaurant. i want to arrive by 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from london liverpool street and going to 
i am looking for places to go in the 
i would like a 
yes. i need a hotel with a star rating of 
whichever one provides free parking and is at least a 
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the center of town that serves 
the 
i am looking for a cheap place to dine in the 
i am looking for a 
i prefer 
no. it really does need to be cheap. what about chinese in the 
no. it really does need to be cheap. what about 
no. it really does need to be 
i want to book a golden house table for 1 person at 16:30 on 
i want to book a golden house table for 
i want to book a golden house table for 1 person at 
i want to book a 
could you also help me book a train for 
i am traveling to 
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 
i'd like to leave 
i want to find a cheap 
i want to find a 
what kind of 
ooh, 
yes please i need a table for 7 people at 13:30 on 
yes please i need a table for 
yes please i need a table for 7 people at 
how about 
ok, great! can you also help me find a train going to 
i would like to depart from 
can you help me find an expensive hotel in the 
can you help me find an 
how about one in the 
i want a 
could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from 
could you please book it for 
could you please book it for 6 people staying 
excellent. i'm also looking for a place to visit. can you tell me if there are any colleges in the 
excellent. i'm also looking for a place to visit. can you tell me if there are any 
i want something in the 
i want something in the north part of town with 
are there any italian restaurants in the 
are there any 
i need to find lodgings on the 
some place in the 
some place in the 
is the 
yes please, i would arrive 
yes please, i would arrive tuesday and need to book for 
yes please, i would arrive tuesday and need to book for 3 people. it will be a 
can you help me find 
am also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called the 
i would like to leave by 
hi. i'm looking for a 
hi. i'm looking for a hungarian restaurant in cambridge that is 
hmm, well maybe 
that sounds great. can you reserve us a table? we're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 16:15 on 
that sounds great. can you reserve us a table? we're a party of 
that sounds great. can you reserve us a table? we're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 
how about 
i am traveling on 
i need 
i need to go to 
any of those would be fine. thank you. for 
any chance you can direct me to where i can locate a 
that sounds perfect, actually. can you book me a room on 
that sounds perfect, actually. can you book me a room on thursday for 
that sounds perfect, actually. can you book me a room on thursday for 5 people for a 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
may i have the address and postcode for 
are there any crossover restaurants in the 
are there any 
how about looking for 
how about looking for crossover restaurants that are 
how about one that serves 
yes i would like a train to 
yes, departing from cambridge on monday. i'd like to get to bishops stortford by 
yes, departing from cambridge on 
yes, departing from 
yes, departing from cambridge on monday. i'd like to get to 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
can i have an 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an italian restaurant, 
please book a table for 4 people at zizzi cambridge for 19:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 4 people at zizzi cambridge for 
please book a table for 4 people at 
i'm also looking for 
i need to go from the college to the restaurant by 
i going to be staying in the 
yes, i'd like information about the 
that sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on 
that sounds good please book that for 
that sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 
i'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. if possible, i'd like to leave the museum no later than 
can you tell what there is to do in the 
hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to 
i'm sorry, i forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. can you give me the postcode and phone number to 
great, thanks. now i'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 
great, thanks. now i'd also like to find a 
i would like a 
no, but i do need the phone number of the 
yes i need a taxi to leave the hotel by 
moderate. i'd like to stay at an actual 
yes, actually that will work. can you reserve a room for 
yes, actually that will work. can you reserve a room for friday for 
yes, actually that will work. can you reserve a room for friday for 7 people, 
thank you for the reservation! yes, i also need a train departing on 
thank you for the reservation! 
thank you for the reservation! 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on thursday. i need to leave by 
i'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on 
i'll be going to cambridge and need to arrive by 
i'll be going to 
that sounds great, can you book passage for 
i'd like to find some information about the 
perfect! can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from 
perfect! can you book it for 
perfect! can you book it for 6 people and 
i am looking for an attraction called 
ok thank you. i also need a place to dine that serves 
ok thank you. i also need a place to dine that serves austrian and that is 
what about 
the one in the 
i can book it myself, thanks. however, i will need a taxi from 
i can book it myself, thanks. however, i will need a taxi from great saint mary's church to 
i would like to leave the church by 
hi, i need a really 
actually, i was confused. i'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. i'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. something that's 
great! can you also help me find a modern european restaurant in the 
great! can you also help me find a 
i want to book a table for one at 14:30 on 
i want to book a table for one at 
i want to book a table for one at 
hi i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
hi i'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves 
that sounds great! we would like a reservation for 
that sounds great! we would like a reservation for monday at 1
that sounds great! we would like a reservation for monday at 
thank you very much. also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the 
we love 
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the 
we were thinking we would like some 
what about 
let me try graffiti out. can you book it for 2 people on 
let me try graffiti out. can you book it for 
let me try graffiti out. can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 
let me try 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a 3 star 
can you help me find a 4 star 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a 4 star expensive 
ok ill go with the first choice the 
ok ill go with the first choice the huntingdon marriott 
yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
yes please for 
yes please for 7 people for 
yes please for 7 people for 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
are there any 
excellent, can i get the address of the 
no, but i would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. i've like to leave the restaurant by 
hi i am looking for a cheap place to dine serving 
hi i am looking for a 
not at the moment. however, i am also looking for a 
i would like a four star 
no but i need it to have free parking and 
i'm looking for a 
4 people, 5 nights on 
4 people, 
hi, i am looking for a 
hi, i need to find out if there's a train going to leicester that leaves on 
hi, i need to find out if there's a train going to 
i will be departing from 
i want to leave after 
i also need an 
i specifically am looking for a guesthouse in the 
i specifically am looking for a 
please look for something 
let's go with the warkworth. please make me a booking for 
let's go with the warkworth. please make me a booking for friday for 
let's go with the warkworth. please make me a booking for friday for 5 people, 
let's go with the 
i am traveling to cambridge and am looking for places to go in the 
yes, is that in the 
is there a 
that's too bad. i would be interested in 
yes please i need a restaurant for 8 people at 17:30 on 
yes please i need a restaurant for 
yes please i need a restaurant for 8 people at 
i need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the 
i need a place to eat that serves 
are there any cheap places to eat that serve 
are there any 
how about ones that serve 
yes please book a table for 1 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 
hello! i am looking for information about a hotel called 
yes, i'm also looking for entertainment in the 
yes, i'm also looking for 
could you find an 
i need a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant that also serves 
great book for 2 on 
great book for 
great book for 2 on friday at 
great. could you also help me with a train from 
great. could you also help me with a train from kings lynn to 
great. could you also help me with a train from kings lynn to cambridge. i need to leave after 
yes i need a booking for 
i'm so sorry, i misspoke, i need the train on 
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the 
can you please look at a 
can you please look at a cheap 
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
i am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably 
that sounds great. can i make a reservation for 
that sounds great. can i make a reservation for 4 people today at 
i need a hotel to stay in the 
i need a 
perfect. i need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. we will be arriving on 
perfect. i need to book it for 
perfect. i need to book it for 7 people staying 
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. i'd like to eat 
thanks! i'm also looking for an 
how about 
how about british food then. 
no,but im need british food for the same group of people at 1
no,but im need british food for the same group of people at 
no,but im need 
hi. i am looking for a train going to cambridge on 
hi. i am looking for a train going to 
no, i need a train that departs from 
no, i need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after 
i'm also looking for a particular hotel. the name is 
please. i'd like a room for myself, i'll be checking in on 
i am looking for cinemas in the 
i am looking for 
no. is there a 
yes, i want to find out about 
yes, please, a table for 8 on 
yes, please, a table for 
yes, please, a table for 8 on thursday. we'd like to dine at 
can you find me a hotel in the 
can you find me a 
i don't need internet. are any of them 
if that's all that is available that's fine, i need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting 
if that's all that is available that's fine, i need it for 
if that's all that is available that's fine, i need it for 1 person for 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
yes, what is the address and phone number for 
i need a hote on the 
i am looking for a 
yes the 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be 
yes a 
no but i would like to find a train for 
no but i would like to find a train for sunday going to liverpool street from 
no but i would like to find a train for sunday going to liverpool street from cambridge, leaving after 
first, may i have the postcode and address of the 
yes lets finish booking the train. i need to book for 
i would like to visit a 
thanks! i would also like to find an 
thanks! i would also like to find an expensive 
the area is flexible. but i am looking for something with a 
sure. i need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting 
sure. i need rooms for 
i'd like a taxi please. it should pick me up at 15:30 from the 
i'd like a taxi please. it should pick me up at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
price isn't important. i need free parking and wifi. it also should be a 
actually the wife just told me she already booked. i just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. need to leave by 
please locate me a guesthouse with 
please locate me a 
oppss sorry, i thought i had given it to you. we'll be checking in on 
i need something moderately priced in the 
i need something 
i am open to suggestions. i need a booking for 1 at 12:30 on 
i am open to suggestions. i need a booking for 
i am open to suggestions. i need a booking for 1 at 
i am looking for info about a hotel called 
ok, i am also looking for a train from 
ok, i am also looking for a train from cambridge to 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving monday after 
yes i would like to book the train for 
can i get a 
how about 
i would like the phone number for a moderately priced 
i would like the phone number for a 
could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city 
could you recommend an 
it's for my friend's birthday and he really likes 
since i like chinese food, could you see if any restaurants serve both 
lets go with chinese food. he likes chinese just as much. can you recommend one in the 
lets go with 
sounds good. please make a reservation for 3 next 
sounds good. please make a reservation for 
sounds good. please make a reservation for 3 next wednesday at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
good afternoon, i am looking for a place to stay on the 
i would consider both. i need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on 
i would consider both. i need to book for three people and 
i'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like a 
i would like a moderately priced hotel. preferably a 
that doesn't matter. can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? we'll arrive on 
that doesn't matter. can you book a room for 
that doesn't matter. can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? we'll arrive on friday and stay for 
yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on 
yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on sunday from 
yeah, we need to leave after 
yeah, get me 
i am looking for a 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like it to be in the west and be 
no, i can book it later, thanks. can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge on 
no, i can book it later, thanks. can you help me find a train that leaves 
my destination is 
i need to leave after 
can you help me find a place to eat located in the 
can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves 
yes, actually. is there one that is 
the cambridge chop house sounds good. could you book it for 5 people at 19:45 on 
the cambridge chop house sounds good. could you book it for 
the cambridge chop house sounds good. could you book it for 5 people at 
the 
yes, can you try the same for 18:4
yes, can you try the same for 
i'm looking to stay at a 
are any in the 
ok, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on 
ok, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 
ok, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on tuesday, and we need to stay for 
ok, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 
i am also looking for an attraction called the 
thank you, i am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. i will be leaving the attraction around 
could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the 
could you tell me if you have a 
it really needs to be in the 
it really needs to be in the south and have a 
hello, i'm coming to cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and i need a train. i need to leave on tuesday and arrive by 
hello, i'm coming to cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and i need a train. i need to leave on 
hello, i'm coming to 
i'm departing from 
i need a place to dine on the 
i need a place to dine on the west side. could you give recommend an 
i'm looking for the 
i'm looking for some 
no, but are there any 
yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the mumford 
could you help me find a good 
could you help me find a good 4 star 
actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? i will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on 
actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? i will need it for 
actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? i will need it for 
actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? i will need it for 
can you try 
can you also set up a taxi to take me from mumford 
hi there. i would like to find a train leaving 
i am going to peterborough and it should arrive by 
i am going to peterborough and it should arrive by 17:00 on 
i am going to 
yes please, i need to book it for 
thank you i also need help with a hotel. i am looking for a 
thank you i also need help with a 
i would prefer the 
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
yes, please for 6 people starting 
yes, please for 
yes, i'm looking for an 
yes, i'm looking for an expensive 
yes, i would like to stay in the city 
yes. i would like to stay at university arms for 2 people, for 2 nights, starting from 
yes. i would like to stay at university arms for 
yes. i would like to stay at university arms for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
any listings for a 
i would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from 
i would like it for 
i would like it for 5 people and 
can you help me find a hotel in the 
can you help me find a 
can you give me the postcode and star rating for 
let's find me a place that serves expensive 
let's find me a place that serves 
i'm also looking to book some train tickets for thursday. i need to leave cambridge and arrive in leicaster by 
i'm also looking to book some train tickets for 
i'm also looking to book some train tickets for thursday. i need to leave 
i will need tickets for 
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
im looking for an 
sounds great. i need a reservation for 1 on 
sounds great. i need a reservation for 
sounds great. i need a reservation for 1 on wednesday at 
yes i need it to go to 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
is there anything available in the 
great. please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from 
great. please book it for 
great. please book it for 8 people and 
let's go with 
can you also help me find a train to get me to 
i'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by 
i'm looking for a train leaving 
yes, i am going to 
i need to arrive by 
i would like a ticket for 
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking. the hotel should have a star of 
yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting 
yes, please, for 
yes, please, for 8 people, for 
hello! i'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the 
hello! i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
hmm, okay, i guess i could settle for italian. are there any of those in the 
hmm, okay, i guess i could settle for 
moderate price range is fine. i will need a reservation for 5 people at 14:15 on 
moderate price range is fine. i will need a reservation for 
moderate price range is fine. i will need a reservation for 5 people at 
i like nice places, so definitely something 
i know this sounds crazy, but i'm looking for an 
i know this sounds crazy, but i'm looking for an expensive hotel with a 
i know this sounds crazy, but i'm looking for an expensive 
how about a 4 star rating. i need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from 
how about a 4 star rating. i need it booked for 
would i be able to get a train from 
i need to leave after 21:15 on 
i need to leave after 
yes. please book me 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. i'd like it to have a rating of 
yes, i need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting 
yes, i need it for 
yes, i need it for 2 people, staying 
i need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 
i need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 
he restaurant should be in the 
i'd like 
can you help me find a place to stay maybe a 
can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive 
i was really wanting a guesthouse in the 
i was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an 
i was really wanting a 
well, i preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any 
yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting 
yes please, 
yes please, 8 people for 
that's great! i need a train. it should leave after 20:45 from 
that's great! i need a train. it should leave after 
yes, i'm going to cambridge and i need to leave on 
i am looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 4 star 
that sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting 
that sounds good can you book that for 
that sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 
actually i need a train to cambridge from kings lynn on 
actually i need a train to cambridge from 
actually i need a train to 
actually i need a train to cambridge from kings lynn on saturday after 
can you book it for 
thank you. i am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
thank you. i am also looking for a 4 star 
price doesn't matter but i need it to be a 
it will be 
it will be 
i am looking for train from 
i am looking for train from london kings cross and should leave after 
i would be leaving on 
i would be leaving on tuesday going to 
thanks. can you also help with a guesthouse to stay out? i prefer in the 
thanks. can you also help with a 
doesn't matter, do any have a 
could you recommend a restaurant that serves 
yes, that sounds good. please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, that sounds good. please book it for 
yes, that sounds good. please book it for 2 people and 
why don't we try booking only 
no, i'd rather another 
that sounds good. please book for 2 pepole and 3 nights starting on 
that sounds good. please book for 
that sounds good. please book for 2 pepole and 
how about 
i need a good place to go in the 
i also need a 
any area is fine are there any with a 
yes, please coming in on monday for 5 nights for 
hi, i'm looking to book a train to cambridge. i need it to arrive by 
hi, i'm looking to book a train to 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from 
i am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday. please reserve 
i am going to bishops stortford and traveling on 
i am going to 
also looking for an italian restaurant in the 
also looking for an 
yes, let's go with 
can we book that place for, say, same number of people at 
is there any train to 
is there any train to stevenage that leaves after 
i will be travelling from cambridge on 
i will be travelling from 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to eat in the 
i'd like a 
yes, please. 8 people at 12:00 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 8 people at 
i hope so. can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the 
no, i need a room for two, for 5 nights starting on 
no, i need a room for two, for 
i will to 
i will to cambridge from 
i need to leave after 
i would like a 
i would like a moderate price 
i also need info on a train. it should arrive in london liverpool street by 
i also need info on a train. it should arrive in 
i will be departing cambridge on 
i will be departing 
i need 
hi i need to book a 
i would like one in the 
anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 5 nights beginning on 
anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 
yes. i need it for three for five nights starting from 
i'm also looking for an attraction to go to in the 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a moderately priced 
yes. please book for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 8 people for 
are there any hotels in the 
does either one have a star of 
thanks. i'm also looking for a train from 
thanks. i'm also looking for a train from cambridge to 
um, 
um, sunday but after 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
yes, can you look for 
i'd really like something in the 
i'd really like something in the centre, do you have polynesian or 
i also need a train. it should leave london liverpool street after 12:45 on 
i also need a train. it should leave 
i also need a train. it should leave london liverpool street after 12:45 on wednesday. i am going to 
i also need a train. it should leave london liverpool street after 
i'm hoping you can help me find a 
also i need to find an expensive 
also i need to find an 
i need that in the 
it will be for 16:45 on 
it will be for 
i need 
no, price doesn't really matter. i do prefer 
could you look again, 
um really? there is no 
i am looking for the 
i am looking for the saint catharine's 
i need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. i want to leave the college by 
can i get information on places to stay in the 
do you have any restaurants near there with 
i would like somewhere 
yes please. can you book a for a table of 5 at 17:30 on 
yes please. can you book a for a table of 
yes please. can you book a for a table of 5 at 
i am looking for the restaurant 
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on 
yes i want to book a table for 
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 
yes i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 
yes i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a 
yes, please. can you book me for 
yes, please. can you book me for wednesday for 
i am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. the place should have 
thanks! are there any swimming pools located in the 
what types of 
thank you. can you schedule a taxi pickup from 
thank you. can you schedule a taxi pickup from el shaddai to the nightclub. i want to leave the room by 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant located in the 
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of cambridge that serves 
can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can you recommend a 
that would be fine. can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on 
that would be fine. can you book a table for 
that would be fine. can you book a table for 5 people at 
i would like a hotel that is in the 
i am looking for 
great! i'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
great! i'm also looking for a 
yes, please - table for 4 at 13:45 on 
yes, please - table for 
yes, please - table for 4 at 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a 
i need a restaurant located in the 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on 
yes, i would like to book a table for 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 
i'm sorry, no, i'm interested in a 
okay, what about a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
oh, i'm sorry, i also want to make sure it's got a 
yes, can you search for a 
do you have any 
do you have any 4 star 
i am needing a place in the 
i'm starving and will only be satisfied with some 
i would like to try the 
yes, please. can i get a table for 3 on 
yes, please. can i get a table for 
yes, please. can i get a table for 3 on tuesday at 
i'm looking for an 
thank you. can you also help me with a taxi from 
thank you. can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to 
hi, i'm looking for a train going to 
hi, i'm looking for a train going to ely from 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday after 
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 
thank you i also need to find a 
thank you i also need to find a cheap 
the location doesn't matter, but i'd like it to be 
sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
sounds great, can you book it for 
sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 
sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 
i would look time find a 
i am also looking for a cheap place to dine in the 
i am also looking for a 
i think we got our lines crossed somewhere. i'd like a cheap panasian restaurant in the 
i think we got our lines crossed somewhere. i'd like a cheap 
i think we got our lines crossed somewhere. i'd like a 
that stinks because i'm really craving panasian food. but okay, can you see if there are any 
i would like it to be 
i need to book a table for 2 people at 19:15 for 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 2 people at 
hello, i'm looking for a train to ely. i need to leave on 
hello, i'm looking for a train to 
i do no want to leave 
i don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by 
that works perfectly. i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
is it in the 
yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on 
yes, for person and for 
i am looking for some info on 
yes, i'd like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on 
yes, i'd like a table for a party of 
yes, i'd like a table for a party of 8 at 
how much does it cost to take the bus in 
i will be traveling to 
i am also looking for a hotel in the 
i want a hotel on the 
i want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. if 
i want a 
are you sure that there are no hotels on the 
are you sure that there are 
are you sure that there are no 
yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes please book for 
yes please book for 7 people for 
i also need to book passage on a train on friday, from 
it needs to leave sometime after 
nope, would just like it to leave after 
what restaurants are on the 
oh wait. i really want to find a 
no, thanks! but will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the 
no, thanks! but will you please find me an 
an expensive 
an 
sounds nice, i will book for 2 people at 14:30 on 
sounds nice, i will book for 
sounds nice, i will book for 2 people at 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant by the name of 
great. could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on 
great. could you please book a table for 
great. could you please book a table for 1 at 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
how about 
can you tell me if 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes i need a booking for 3 people at 17:30 on 
yes i need a booking for 
yes i need a booking for 3 people at 
i have no preference on location, but something in a 
yes, same three people for four nights, from the same day, 
i would like to find a train going to 
i would like to find a train going to leicester leaving after 
i am leaving from cambridge on 
i am leaving from 
i'll also be needing a place to stay. can you find me a 
i don't mind where it is, but it should be 
if there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, 
the 
the cambridge belfry sounds good as long as it is 
i would like to stay on 
i would like to stay on sunday for 
i would like to stay on sunday for 1 person, 
can you help me find a 
i would like to be in the 
do they have a table available for 5 people on 
do they have a table available for 
i would like the reservation at 
need a train leaving 
need a train leaving monday to 
yes, i'd like to arrive by 
yes, i'd like to arrive by 15:15. i'm leaving from 
yes i am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the 
yes i am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves 
yes i am also looking for somewhere 
pizza hut city 
it'll be for 
the same day as the train which is 
hello, i am looking for information about 
i almost forgot, i need to locate a restaurant in the 
i almost forgot, i need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the 
is there a restaurant in the center that serves 
is there a restaurant in the center that serves international food but 
i'm interested in 
no, thank you. i would like to book a taxi from 
no, thank you. i would like to book a taxi from trinity college to 
i want to leave the attraction by 14:00, so book the taxi for 
i want to leave the attraction by 
hello! i'm looking for a train that leaves after 10:15 on 
hello! i'm looking for a train that leaves after 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from cambridge and should go to 
are you sure there are no trains going from cambridge to peterborough on 
are you sure there are no trains going from 
are you sure there are no trains going from cambridge to 
are you sure there are no trains going from cambridge to peterborough on sunday leaving after 
the hotel name i am looking for is named 
can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from 
can you book that hotel for me for 
can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 
i am looking for a certain hotel. i think it is called 
i am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a cheap two star 
then can you find a hotel in the 
then can you find a hotel in the west with a 
then can you find a 
i would prefer the cheap range. can you book for me 8 people for four nights beginning on 
i would prefer the cheap range. can you book for me 
i would prefer the 
are there any 
i would it to be in the 
i am hoping to get information about some places to go in the 
i would like it to be in the 
do you have anything near my attraction in the 
and what is the type of 
i am looking for information on the 
i'm looking for 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
can you book me a taxi between the two places? i want to get to the attraction by 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
sorry. i prefer a guesthouse. does the 
sorry. i prefer a 
yes, it should be in the 
i am looking for information about 
i would like to book a table there for 4 peole on 
i would like to book a table there for 
i would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 
i am looking for a train leaving 
i would like to go to leicester and leave on 
i would like to go to 
departing from cambridge and i want to arrive somewhere around 
departing from 
that sounds great, thank you. could you book that for me for 
yes , i also need to find a place to stay. preferably 
yes , i also need to find a place to stay. preferably 4 stars and a 
i definitely want to stay in the 
the price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting 
the price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 
the price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 
how about 
i want to find an expensive restaurant serving 
i want to find an 
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 16:45 on 
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 
i also need a 
depart from ely and would like to arrive by 
depart from ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in cambridge. i need to book it for 
depart from 
depart from ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in 
are there any good 
hm, how about we try the 
hm, how about we try the centre area for the 
i will try 
i'd like an 
can i get a table for 8 at fitzbillies? 
can i get a table for 
can i get a table for 8 at fitzbillies? thursday at 
can i get a table for 8 at 
i also need a train from peterborough on 
no, i do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in 
yes, the efes restaurant. i'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on 
yes, the efes restaurant. i'd like to book for 
yes, the efes restaurant. i'd like to book for 6 people at 
yes, the 
hi i am also looking for a plane, leaving 
hi i am also looking for a plane, leaving monday at 
yes, i would like to go to the airport on 
going to stansted airport, from 
going to 
do you have any in the 
it doesn't matter as long as it's on the 
yes, let's go ahead and book with the 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to eat in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to eat in the centre area and that serves 
are there any 
how about 
i need a place to eat in the 
let's see what's near the 
can you book me a table for five people on 
can you book me a table for five people on monday at 
yes. i am looking to visit ely on 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the 
yes how about 
yes i reserve to 
hi, i'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 
hi, i'd like to find out more about any luxury 
the hotel should be expensive and does 
the hotel should be 
the 
yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes please make a booking for 
yes please make a booking for 1 people and 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
yes, i'll have 4 people to dine at 16:30 on 
yes, i'll have 
yes, i'll have 4 people to dine at 
forget about the train and help me find a 
i will be in cambridge and i am looking for a 
how about in the 
thanks for the info! i also need a place to stay in the 
thanks for the info! i also need a place to stay in the centre of town. i'm looking for something in the 
i do not care it should be in the 
i do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the 
no, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the 
no, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? do you have any hotels that have 
no, would you be able to look into another 
no thank you. i would just like the number and postcode for 
i need to book a train 
i believe i was in error. i need a hotel in the 
i believe i was in error. i need a hotel in the centre with 
i believe i was in error. i need a 
excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 4 nights on 
excellent, can you book it for 
excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 
excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 
great. now can you help me get a train from 
i'm flexible on the departure time as long as i get to cambridge by 12:30 
i am interested in a restaurant located in the 
i am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in 
what about 
i need to find a moderately priced 
i need to find a 
unfortunately no, it has to be 
okay, what about 
make a reservation at bloomsbury please, for 
make a reservation at 
please book for 6 people at 17:00 on 
please book for 
please book for 6 people at 
i'm also looking for a train. it should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on 
i'm also looking for a train. it should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on thursday. arrive by 
i need a place to stay that is a 
i want it in the 
i want it in the west, and it should be 
yes, please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, please book one for 
yes, please book one for 4 people and 
i would like to find an 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 
i am departing from 
i need information about attractions in the 
a 
sure, can i get the phone number and postcode? also, i'm looking for a restaurant in the same area. i'd prefer 
thank you! the price range that i would like is 
yes please book one of your recommendation for 
yes please book one of your recommendation for tuesday at 18:00 for 
yes please book one of your recommendation for tuesday at 
i am looking for an attraction to try out in the 
sounds great. thank you! also, can you give me some information on a restaurant called 
does reasonably mean 
no thanks, 
i am going to be visiting and need a 
yes, i am hoping to stay in the 
i'm leaving cambridge on 
i'm leaving 
i'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to 
i need it to leave after 
that sounds perfect. can you make a booking for me for 
hello, i would like to know what hotels are in the town 
i'd like one in the 
yes please. i want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes please. i want to book it for 
yes please. i want to book it for 3 people for 
will i be able to stay for 
i am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any 
it does indeed. can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 
i need a hotel in 
i need a 
yes, go ahead. i need it for 
yes, go ahead. i need it for tuesday for 
yes, go ahead. i need it for tuesday for 
i told you 
can you also find an expensive 
can you also find an 
yes, please. can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? we'd like to eat at 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'd like to find an 
are there any 
i'm sorry, i was just told i should go ahead and make the reservation. do you have a hotel that has the same 4 star rating but in the 
i'm sorry, i was just told i should go ahead and make the reservation. do you have a hotel that has the same 
yes, book it for 6 people for three nights, starting on 
yes, book it for 
hey, i'll be in cambridge and i'm curious about the local restaurants. can you find me a moderately priced one that serves 
hey, i'll be in cambridge and i'm curious about the local restaurants. can you find me a 
no thanks. i also need an 
i don't have a preference. as long as it has free wifi and is a 
can you find me a 
the bridge guest house sounds fine. i'll need it booked for 
the bridge guest house sounds fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday, 4 nights, and 
the bridge guest house sounds fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday, 
the 
i would like a restaurant in the 
how about 
i am looking for the price range of a restaurant called 
hello, i'm planning my trip to cambridge, and i'm trying to find a hotel called 
i also need to know about a restaurant called 
can you give me the phone number for 
i can't wait to get to cambridge and try some of the restaurants i've heard about. can you tell me about one of them? i think the name is 
yes, please. table for 8 at 15:00 on 
yes, please. table for 
yes, please. table for 8 at 
can we do the same day at 
great i also need to get a train on 
great i also need to get a train on thursday leaving from 
i'd like to arrive in norwich by 
i'd like to arrive in 
thats is great, i need it for 
howdy! is the 
yes please. i'd like a room for 5 people on 
yes please. i'd like a room for 
yes please. i'd like a room for 
i'm looking for 
yes, could you look for a 
that will work. i would like the address and phone number to the 
yes, i am interested in the 
i also need a restaurant in the 
i love 
is that in the 
is there any restaurants located in the 
yes, please book it for 13:30 on 
yes, please book it for 13:30 on saturday for 
yes, please book it for 
i'm looking for boats to look at. can you look in the 
i'm looking for 
are there any 
thank you. are there any parks in the 
thank you. are there any 
could i get the entrance fee for 
could i get the entrance fee for wandlebury country 
i'd like a moderately priced 
i'd like a 
i need to leave the park by 
i'm looking to take a train on 
i'm looking to take a train on sunday leaving from 
i would like to leave after 
hi there! i'm looking for a 
can you check if there are any in the 
could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the 
could you try a 
could you try a moderate price place,
could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. a 
sure, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 
sure, that sounds great. can you book me a room for thursday for 
sure, that sounds great. can you book me a room for thursday for 4 people, 
sure, that sounds great. can you book me a room for thursday for 
i'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. the 
i am also looking for a restaurant called 
i'm looking for an italian food restaurant located in the 
i'm looking for an 
thank you! i am looking for a 
yes, please. it needs to be for 4 people at 18:15 on 
yes, please. it needs to be for 
yes, please. it needs to be for 4 people at 
well, i also need a place to stay. i prefer a guesthouse with a 
well, i also need a place to stay. i prefer a 
okay thank you. please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on 
okay thank you. please book that for 
okay thank you. please book that for 4 people at 
i need a cab to commute, to the hotel by 
actually i will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 
i need to find a place that serves 
in the 
i need one in the 
i'd like to depart cambridge on 
i'd like to depart 
i'd like to depart cambridge on sunday sometime after 
i'll be heading to 
that sounds perfect! can you book me 
i'm looking for an expensive indiian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
that sounds great. i need a table for 1 on 
that sounds great. i need a table for 
that sounds great. i need a table for 1 on wednesday at 
okay i also need a train that leaves on 
i need to get to london liverpool street by 
i need to get to 
yes for 
can you help me find a train to 
i need to leave kings lynn on 
i need to leave 
i need to leave kings lynn on tuesday after 
no, as long as it's after 
i also need reservations for 
i want to reserve a table for 
i want to reserve a table for tuesday for 
i want to reserve a table for tuesday for 4 people at 
please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from 
please assist me in finding a train going to 
i will be traveling on 
i also need a place to stay in the 
it don't matter as long as it is cheap. i need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
it don't matter as long as it is cheap. i need it for 
it don't matter as long as it is cheap. i need it for 6 people for 
it don't matter as long as it is 
i'm looking for a 
i would prefer it in the 
ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on 
ok, can you book me for 
ok, can you book me for 7 people, 
what places are there to go in town? what about 
i am looking for a place called 
yes, i also need a hotel on the 
yes, i also need a 
i definitely want a 
i think the 
i think the huntingdon marriot 
yes, one more thing. i will need a taxi to pick me up from the 
yes, one more thing. i will need a taxi to pick me up from the abbey pool and astroturf pitch at 
can you tell me a little bit about the 
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the 
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any 
i will take a 
yes, i would need 5 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, i would need 
yes, i would need 
i am also looking for a train to cambridge from stansted airport on 
yes, that's wonderful! i need 
well, i like mexican food, and will be staying in the 
well, i like 
yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on 
yes, can you reserve a table for 
yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on wednesday at 
no, i'm looking for a 
yes please for 2 nights for 7 people for 
yes please for 2 nights for 
i'm interested in getting some 
awesome. can you give me some information on local 
can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the 
thank you. can you help me find a moderately-priced latin american restaurant in the 
thank you. can you help me find a moderately-priced 
thank you. can you help me find a 
actually, let's try another kind of food. how about 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food and is in the 
erm, nevermind, i need a nightclub in the 
erm, nevermind, i need a 
yes, i would also like to book a table at 
i would love a reservation for 
i would love a reservation for sunday for 
i would love a reservation for sunday for 2 people at 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves 
hello. i'd like a train to 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
can you also help me find a 
can you also help me find a 2 star 
i would like the 
i'm looking for a 
i am not looking for a specific food type but i would like it to be in 
sounds good. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
im looking for the 
no, i'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced 
actually, can you find me a 
no, i need a 
you mentioned earlier about the autumn house being a guesthouse that is 
there will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting 
there will be 
there will be 4 of us and we will need 
i will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 
can you help me find a place to stay? it should be 
a cheap one. i don't have a lot of money. one with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting 
a cheap one. i don't have a lot of money. one with free wifi for 
a cheap one. i don't have a lot of money. one with free wifi for 8 and 
a 
i would like to stay on the 
that will be fine. can you book the 
wow, i'm certainly glad i asked for the reference number! 
i need a restaurant of moderate price in the 
i need a restaurant of 
i would like to eat 
i would like a cheap 
i would like a 
is there any cheap 
is there any 
may i get the phone number of thank 
i need a place to dine that is expensive in the 
expensive, please. 
yes i would love that. i need to make the reservation for 8 people for 16:15 on 
yes i would love that. i need to make the reservation for 
yes i would love that. i need to make the reservation for 8 people for 
thanks for handling the restaurant. i will have time to check out the town. do you have 
why don't you try looking for a 
i'm looking for mid range 
i need a table for 6 people 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 6 people sunday night at 
okay, again for 6 people 
okay, again for 
okay, again for 6 people sunday at 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves 
any of those should be fine. can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at 14:45 on 
any of those should be fine. can you see if you can get me a table for 
any of those should be fine. can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at 
i would like for you to find me one on 
i would like for you to find me one on saturday after 1
i would like for you to find me one on saturday after 
are there any times which are available on 
i would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at 13:45 on 
i would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at 
i would like a reservation at an expensive 
i would like a reservation at an 
i'm looking for a train from leicester to cambridge leaving on 
hello, i am looking for a hotel in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
yes, please book for 4 nights starting 
yes, please book for 4 nights starting wednesday. there will be 
yes, please book for 
yes i am looking for an 
yes, or any in the same expensive range and the 
yes, or any in the same 
i'm looking for a british restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, can you book me a table at the copper kettle on 
yes, can you book me a table at the copper kettle on tuesday at 19:15 for 
yes, can you book me a table at the copper kettle on tuesday at 
yes, can you book me a table at the 
yes, are there any 
yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from 
i want to travel on 
i want to travel on saturday from 
i want to travel on saturday from cambridge to 
i would like to leave after 
ok, could you book me 
i'm looking to stay in a 
not at the moment. can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate 
not at the moment. can you recommend any 
not at the moment. can you recommend any moderately priced 
not particularly. i just need one for 5 nights starting 
not particularly. i just need one for 
can you book it for 
i'd like a hotel named warkworth house, and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on 
i'd like a hotel named warkworth house, and am interested in booking for 
i'd like a hotel named 
8 people, for 
does 
could you give me information on 
we want to leave the hotel by 
can you give me information on hotels in the 
not interested in the price, but i would like it to be a 
i'm sorry. i needed a 
yes please. i need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on 
yes please. i need it to be for 
great, can you also find me a 
great, can you also find me a japanese food restaurant in the 
yes. can you please book a table for one at 12:45 on 
yes. can you please book a table for one at 
yes. can you please book a table for one at 
i would like an expensive room, in the 
i would like an 
does it have free parking? and is it a 
please. could you please book it for 1 person starting 
please. could you please book it for 
please. could you please book it for 1 person starting thursday for 
i need a train from cambridge on 
i need a train from 
i'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to 
i'd like to leave after 
i also need information on a hotel called 
i am looking for some 
are any located in the 
i'd love a recommendation. i'm looking to book a table for 4 at 17:30 on 
i'd love a recommendation. i'm looking to book a table for 
i'd love a recommendation. i'm looking to book a table for 4 at 
thanks. can you help me with a cheap place to stay also in the 
yes, but the place will also need to have 
really? can you try again? a 4 star accommodation (type doesnt matter) that is cheap and in the 
really? can you try again? a 
okay. i'll need that booked for 4 people and 5 nights beginning 
okay. i'll need that booked for 
i need a 4 star room in the 
i need a 
a hotel in the 
a 
how about in the 
nevermind. do you have info on 
i need to find where 
okay, could i get the postcode for 
yes in the 
yes in the centre please and 
can i book university arms for 5 nights starting 
can i book university arms for 5 nights starting sunday for 
can i book university arms for 
can i book 
yes. i also need a taxi leaving 
yes. i also need a taxi leaving whale of time at 
i need to go to the 
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
i also need a train to 
i'm leaving cambridge on thursday and need to be in peterborough by 
i'm leaving cambridge on 
i'm leaving 
i'm leaving cambridge on thursday and need to be in 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the 
i'm looking for an 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
hello, are you familiar with 
can you book it for me? 
can you book it for me? wednesday, 5 nights, 
can you book it for me? wednesday, 
can you find a train that departs from 
can you find a train that departs from cambridge after 
i am leaving on 
i am leaving on monday and going to 
i'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves 
yes, please. i need a table for 8 on 
yes, please. i need a table for 
yes, please. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 
terrific. i am also looking for a train to 
yes i need a booking for 
i would like a cheap 
i would like a 
can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at 
what is the price range of 
what is the food type at 
hi there. i'm looking for a particular hotel called the 
i need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on 
i need to book the hotel for 
i need to book the hotel for 
ok, thank you! i am also looking for a train for 
ok, thank you! i am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after 
from 
from cambridge to 
i would like 
i'm looking for a 
how about a science 
yes i am looking for an expensive 
yes i am looking for an 
yes please. i need a table for 2 on 
yes please. i need a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 2 on wednesday at 
how about 
can you help me find a 3-star hotel in the 
can you help me find a 
i want a hotel that's in the 
great can you book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting 
great can you book it for 
great can you book it for 2 people for 
yes. i also need to find a restaurant that serves 
i would like it also to be in the 
i would like it also to be in the north and 
i'm craving 
i'm craving indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an 
oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the 
oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive 
oh what the heck money is no object, an 
yes, i want to book for 3 people at 16:30 on 
yes, i want to book for 
yes, i want to book for 3 people at 
i also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on 
i also need a train departing from 
i also need a train departing from cambridge going to 
i also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on saturday after 
hello, i am looking for a guesthouse located in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves 
how about 
do you know of any places in the 
do you know of any places in the south that serve 
sure, lets go with 
i need a table for eight at 15:30 on 
i need a table for eight at 
can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the 
i'd like a taxi from 
i'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the 
i'm looking for places to go see good 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the north? can you tell me some 
if there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the 
i need a hotel, so i will go with ashley hotel if it is in the moderate price range. i need to book for 
i need a hotel, so i will go with 
i need a hotel, so i will go with ashley hotel if it is in the 
i need a 
i will have 4 people. i want 5 nights starting from 
i will have 
i will have 4 people. i want 
how about 
cambridge has a college that is in the 
cambridge has a 
i would like 
is that in the 
sure, that works. what is the area, postcode and phone number for the 
can you help me find a guesthouse in the 
can you help me find a 
can you run a search for 
can you run a search for moderately priced 
it doesn't really matter. book it for 6 for 3 nights on 
it doesn't really matter. book it for 
it doesn't really matter. book it for 6 for 
i would love it more if i wasn't starving. can you point me in the direction of a good 
yes, i do. the 
i need a restaurant that serves 
i need a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
i would like the one in the 
yes. i would like a reservation for 1 person at 13:15 on 
yes. i would like a reservation for 
yes. i would like a reservation for 1 person at 
i would like to go to a nice 
i am also going to need a taxi that goes from ballare to meghan and gets me to meghan by 
i am also going to need a taxi that goes from 
i am also going to need a taxi that goes from ballare to 
i need a hotel that is 4 stars on the 
i need a hotel that is 
would any of the ones you mention have a 
yes i would like to book for 2 people for 5 nights starting 
yes i would like to book for 
yes i would like to book for 2 people for 
yes, i also need something to do in the 
indian food in the 
i would like to book a room at the 
1 person for 3 nights, please. i'll arrive on 
1 person for 
i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the 
i am looking for an 
i don't need a reservation yet. may i have 
i don't need a reservation yet. may i have 
i'm going to be headed to cambridge from birmingham new street on 
i'm going to be headed to cambridge from 
i'm going to be headed to 
i's like to depart 
i am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with 
i am looking for a place to eat at that is 
no thanks. instead, could you tell me where to get 
the one in the 
great can i reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on 
great can i reserve that for 
great can i reserve that for 1 person at 
i'm looking for an attraction in the 
i think a 
actually, i'm looking for an expensive place to eat after i visit the museum. i'm hoping for 
actually, i'm looking for an 
how about 
okay, please book for 
okay, please book for tuesday at 13:1
okay, please book for tuesday at 
i need to stay in the 
i need to stay in the north, 
actually i would prefer a 
i'm sorry, i misspoke a moment ago. i need a hotel in the 
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning 
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 nights for 
yes, please. i need rooms for 
no. actually, just find me an attraction in the category of 
i would like the something in the 
great. i would also like to find a 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food and located in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a 
yes, actually i prefer to stay in the 
i'd like to stay on 
yes, are there any kind of 
in the 
sure but i also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves 
perfect! can you please book a table for 3 people at galleria for me on 
perfect! can you please book a table for 
perfect! can you please book a table for 3 people at galleria for me on monday at 
perfect! can you please book a table for 3 people at 
let's try for 15:
let's try for 
great! i also need a guesthouse with free wifi. something 
i don't have any preference. could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on 
i don't have any preference. could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 
instead of 
certainly. two nights, three people, and i'll need that room starting 
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'd like to find some 
i would like to find a restaurant that serves turkish food in the 
i would like to find a restaurant that serves 
i'd like someplace 
i need a table for five at 18:30 on 
i need a table for five at 
yes, i need a train to kings lynn on 
yes, i need a train to 
it should leave after 
i would need 
i'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 
as long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter. can you recommend one? i do prefer 
how about a 
yes please. i would also like a train to 
i would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. i want to depart from 
i would like to leave after 
yes, can you book it for 
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i need a 
oh, okay. well, i guess i would like to find a restaurant that serves 
sure please, i need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on 
sure please, i need a table at 
sure please, i need a table at 
i need to find a train that leaves after 13:00 on 
i need to find a train that leaves after 
i'll be departing from 
i am also looking for a mid ranged priced 
i want to eat in the 
please do. i'll need a table for 1 person on 
please do. i'll need a table for 
please do. i'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at 
see if you can find me a train from 
see if you can find me a train from cambridge to 
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on 
leaving 
leaving cambridge, going to 
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on friday anytime after 
yes, please book me a ticket on the 
thank you. i am also looking to find a good 
moderately priced in the city 
yes book it for 
yes book it for 1 at 
i like ethnic food, particularly 
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve 
the restaurant should be in the 
area does not matter to me. please book it for 5 people at 19:30 on 
area does not matter to me. please book it for 
area does not matter to me. please book it for 5 people at 
yes, please book 
yes, please book 5 people at 
can you find me an expensive place to stay that is located in the 
can you find me an 
does that hotel have a 
i really would like a 4 star hotel. is there one in the 
i really would like a 
carolina bed and breakfast sounds nice. could i have it booked for 6 people for 4 nights starting on 
carolina bed and breakfast sounds nice. could i have it booked for 
carolina bed and breakfast sounds nice. could i have it booked for 6 people for 
carolina bed and breakfast sounds nice. could i have it booked for 6 people for 
i was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with 
i also want a moderately priced 
i also want a 
how about 
i am traveling between the two places. i need to leave the restaurant by 
hi, could you give me the location of the 
i am also looking for a particular hotel named 
yes, i am looking to book a room at the leverton house for 3 people and 5 nights starting 
yes, i am looking to book a room at the leverton house for 
yes, i am looking to book a room at the leverton house for 3 people and 
yes, i am looking to book a room at the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. is the hotel 
i definitely want to stay in a 
i see, well how about a 
i need it on 
i need it on sunday, for 
ok, can you accommodate 
just please book for that room for 
are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the 
are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights 
are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights sunday for 
are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 
let's try again. a moderately priced guesthouse in the 
let's try again. a moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. 
let's try again. a moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. sunday, 2 nights, 
let's try again. a moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. sunday, 
let's try again. a 
let's try again. a moderately priced 
could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting 
could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 
could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 
could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting sunday with a 
i need 
i would be leaving cambridge and heading to peterborough on 
i would be leaving 
i would be leaving cambridge and heading to 
yes, i need to arrive in peterborough by 
yes, i need to arrive in 
no thanks. no need to book at this time. can you tell me about a hotel called the 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
i'm looking for a 
is it located in the 
yes can you book it for 3 people 
yes can you book it for 
yes can you book it for 3 people thursday at 
thanks. o'm also looking for a place to stay, 
i need one that includes free wifi and is in the 
can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to anatolia, arriving by 
can you book a taxi to pick me up from 
can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to 
i'm looking to go to a 
i would like one located in the 
i also want to eat at a 
do they serve 
yes that would be great. i'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 18:45 on 
yes that would be great. i'd love for you to book me a table for 
yes that would be great. i'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 
i'd like to get moderately-priced 
i'd like to get 
well is there perhaps a 
how about 
as long as they serve 
as long as they serve british cuisine and 
i'm looking for an hotel in the 
i'm looking for an 
the 
the ashley 
i need rooms for 5 people and 2 nights starting on 
i need rooms for 
i need rooms for 5 people and 
yes, i am looking for entertainment attractions in the 
yes, i am looking for 
how about a 
i would like the phone number and entrance fee to the 
i would like the phone number and entrance fee to the whipple 
i need a one-star 
well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars. 
well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 
yes. i am looking for a fun place to visit while i'm in the 
oh, okay. i need something in the 
great. i need a taxi from the hotel to there by 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a german restaurant in the 
how about an expensive 
how about an 
book a table for 2 people at 12:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 2 people at 
i am also looking for a train. the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 
i want to depart from 
i want to depart from peterborough to 
i'd like to dine for expensive 
i'd like to dine for 
not really. i would like to stay toward the 
i would love to check out some modern art 
i would also like to find a 
it doesn't matter, but i prefer a 
i actually just want a taxi. i want to depart the hotel by 
i would like to dine at a restaurant in the 
i would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves 
oh, that's too bad. how about 
either one is fine, ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 18:45 on 
either one is fine, ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 
either one is fine, ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 
i have a taste for 
no i do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the 
i would like to try your recommendation. would you book for 
i would like to try your recommendation. would you book for thursday, at 11:00 for 
i would like to try your recommendation. would you book for thursday, at 
are you able to book 
i am looking for a train departing after 11:15 from the 
i am looking for a train departing after 
okay, i need one going to cambridge on 
okay, i need one going to 
i don't have a preferred arrival time. could you just book me one for 
thanks. i also need an expensive restaurant serving 
thanks. i also need an 
sure. 2 people at 20:30 on 
sure. 
sure. 2 people at 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
i'd like a train to cambridge on 
i'd like a train to 
yes, i would need to leave 
sorry, i will be leaving from 
that sounds good. can you book it for 
perfect, thank you! i'm also looking for a restaurant called 
are there any vietnamese themed restaurants in the 
are there any 
sure, i'll need a table for 3 at 19:45 on 
sure, i'll need a table for 
sure, i'll need a table for 3 at 
i want a car to get me to cambridge, arriving by 
please ignore my last post, i was distracted. i need to leave ely and get to cambridge by 
please ignore my last post, i was distracted. i need to leave 
please ignore my last post, i was distracted. i need to leave ely and get to 
i'll be departing 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i'd like to go to a 
how about a 
i'm sorry, but i forgot to get the phone number for the 
i would like to book the aylesbray lodge guest house, for 1 person, 3 nights, starting 
i would like to book the aylesbray lodge guest house, for 
i would like to book the aylesbray lodge guest house, for 1 person, 
i would like to book the 
yes, i'm looking for a want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 
yes, i'm looking for a want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 1 at 
yes, i'm looking for a want restaurant called 
please find a 
thank you! also, can you recommend a moderately-priced 
thank you! also, can you recommend a 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i need a train departing from 
i need a train departing from cambridge after 
i'd like to go to norwich on 
i'd like to go to 
great. i'm also looking for a 
i'm looking for something 
let's try the 
yeah, could you book me a 
yeah, could you book me a 3 night stay at 
yeah, could you book me a 
friday. for 
i need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by 
i need to leave 
i need to leave london kings cross and arrive at 
i want to travel by train on 
great i need 
great. can you also tell me about the 
i would like the address to the 
i would like the address to the mumford 
no thanks. just the phone number was enough. i am also sick of eating at the same 
yes, i'd like it to be in the 
yes, i'd like it to be in the centre. i'd love to eat expensive, 
yes, i'd like it to be in the centre. i'd love to eat 
pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 18:00 on 
pick the best one and book for a table of 
pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 
great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by 
sorry i just need to get to the restaurant from the 
i need a place to stay located in the 
actually, i'm more concerned with a place to stay and i'd like it to be in the 
can you book it for me for 
can you book it for me for thursday i'm staying 
i need a restaurant called the bedouin for the same group of people at 
i need a restaurant called the bedouin for the same group of people at 
i need a restaurant called the 
i want to book it for 1 on 14:15 on 
i want to book it for 
i want to book it for 1 on 
can you try for 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
yes, make reservations for 4 people at 18:00 p.m. on 
yes, make reservations for 
yes, make reservations for 4 people at 
book a table for 7 people at 12:15 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 7 people at 
oh my, i got ahead of myself. first, i need a place to go in the 
oh my, i got ahead of myself. first, i need a place to go in the east for a 
their phone number would be super and then i need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to 
hi! can i get some info on a 
do any of those places serve 
do any of those places serve 
maybe later. i need a train ticket to peterborough on 
maybe later. i need a train ticket to 
i'd like to go from 
i'd like to go from cambridge to 
hi, are you familiar with the 
i would love that. can you book me a room starting on 
i need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by 
i need a train that stops at 
i need to depart on 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
i am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the 
i am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave downing college by 
is there a cheap place in the 
is there a 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on 
could you see if you can get me a table for 
could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves 
is there any restaurants that serve 
i want to find a place to eat called 
can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 1 at 
actually yes, i'm looking for a train out of 
actually yes, i'm looking for a train out of cambridge. any train leaving after 
leaving cambridge any time after 09:30 and i am going to london liverpool st on 
leaving 
leaving cambridge any time after 
i'd like to find a french restaurant on the 
i'd like to find a 
yes let's do one for 6 people at 16:00 on 
yes let's do one for 
yes let's do one for 6 people at 
i also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 
i also need to find a 
i'll be starting my stay on 
i'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the 
i would like to stay in the 
okay, i want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
okay, i want to book it for 
okay, i want to book it for 2 people and 
what about on 
i'm looking for a place to stay, in the 
i'd like a guesthouse in the 
i'd like a 
yes, i would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 
i'm going from cambridge to birmingham new street on 
i'm going from 
i'm going from cambridge to 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
i also need a 
i also need a wednesday train to 
actually i am departing from 
actually i am departing from cambridge and going to 
i need it to arrive by 
yes. please choose the first available train and book it for 
need a hotel up 
need a 
yes i need free parking and 
do you have anything cheap, in the 
do you have anything 
how about a restaurant. can you recommend a vietnamese place in the 
how about a restaurant. can you recommend a 
how about a restaurant. can you recommend a vietnamese place in the north that is 
i'm sorry, i really do need a 
as long as it's cheap, i don't care about the area. can you book a table for 4 at 11:45 on 
as long as it's cheap, i don't care about the area. can you book a table for 
as long as it's cheap, i don't care about the area. can you book a table for 4 at 
as long as it's 
i'm looking for somewhere to go in town, are there any 
yes. i need a restaurant in the 
i would prefer 
i would prefer spanish food at a 
not at the moment but can i get the phone number for 
yes, i'm interested in 
i am looking for a museum in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre that is 
i need the hotel to be 4 stars with free parking. does 
i need the hotel to be 
how about one like that in the 
how about one like that in the 
the one in the 
i'd really like a 4 star. is there a 4 star hotel in the 
i'd really like a 
no, but can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for the 
i am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving 
i am interested in finding an 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i would like 
how about 
i'm looking for a train going to 
on sunday. i'd like to arrive by 
on 
yes. make booking for 
i also need a 
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
can you check for ones with a 
in that case, how about just a hotel in the 
in that case, how about just a 
oh man, i can't do expensive. is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the 
oh man, i can't do expensive. is there a 4 star guesthouse that is 
oh man, i can't do expensive. is there a 4 star 
are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the 
are you saying that there isn't even a 
are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 
are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star 
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
the area is not important. i just need it to be 
the area is not important. i just need it to be asian oriental food and something 
how about 
can you check for 
i would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. i want to leave my hotel (
i would like a taxi going to 
i would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. i want to leave my hotel (leverton house) by 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves chinese food in the 
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves 
yes, i would prefer an 
no, not yet, thanks. could you give me the address/postcode for 
i prefer the 
i prefer the east part of town. and a 
ok. that will be fine. i am also looking for a restaurant called 
i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at nandos city center by 
i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at 
i am looking for information on a restaurant called 
yes please. i need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and i'd like that for 
yes please. i need a reservation for 
yes please. i need a reservation for 4 people, at 
i am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the 
i am also in need of a hotel, preferably a 
yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting 
yes, please book me for 
is there another 
i was wondering if you had any 
i have no preference besides 
yes, i'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and 
no need, but i'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 
no need, but i'd like a 
how about a hotel that is the 
how about a 
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 
how about for 
how about for 
please try it for 
please try it for 
excellent! i also need a taxi to go between the places. i want to leave the hotel by 
can you find me a restaurant in the 
can you find me a restaurant in the centre with 
yes please book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 7 people at 
i am looking for a train to pick me up at birmingham new street and arrive in cambridge before 
i am looking for a train to pick me up at 
i am looking for a train to pick me up at birmingham new street and arrive in 
i will need 
are there trains leaving 
are there trains leaving cambridge 
i'm looking for one that goes to stevenage on 
i'm looking for one that goes to 
great! can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the 
great! can you help me find a 
if there's no cheap american food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves 
if there's no 
i love antiques and heard about a place called 
i'd like something in the 
can you book it for 8 people for five nights starting on 
can you book it for 
i was hoping that you could tell me more about the 
i was hoping that you could tell me more about the 
i also want to go to an 
seven people, and we're planning to go there at 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the 
i will prefer restaurant that serve 
great thank you, i also need a train to arrive by 
great thank you, i also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from norwich and heading for 
that doesn't matter. the 18:16 will do. book it for 
i'm looking to book a train that goes to ely and leaves on 
i'm looking to book a train that goes to 
yes, i need to leave after 
i am also looking for a hotel in the 
i am also looking for a 
that one sounds fine. i need lodgings beginning 
i'd like 3 nights for 
i'd like 
the name of the restaurant is 
yes, i am wanting to book for 
yes, i am wanting to book for thursday at 
it will be for 
could you also help me find a 
i want it in the 
i need a zero star 
no, i actually need it in the 
i guess the cityroomz in the 
can we book it for 8 people starting 
can we book it for 
i'll be there for 
i'm also looking for an inexpensive 
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves 
i would like an 
could you find me an 
i need an 
i need an east restaurant. i want to try some 
then could you recommend a 
no, but i need free wifi and i would like a 
no, but i need free wifi and i would like a 2 star 
yes, how about a guesthouse with 
yes, how about a 
i'm sorry. i changed my mind. i don't want a guesthouse. are there any hotels with 
i'm sorry. i changed my mind. i don't want a guesthouse. are there any 
no, just any 
no, just any 2-star 
i would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on 
i would like it for 
i would like it for 6 people for 
i would like it for 6 people for 
yes. the hotel should be 4 stars and located in the 
yes. the hotel should be 
yes. the 
as long as it is a 
i would like it starting 
i would like it starting thursday for 
i would like it starting thursday for 8 people for 
i'm sorry i actually need it for 
i am also looking for a train. the train should depart from 
i am also looking for a train. the train should depart from bishops stortford and should go to 
i will be traveling on 
arrival time isn't the issue, but i have morning meeting so i can't leave 
arrival time isn't the issue, but i have morning meeting so i can't leave bishops stortford until after 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a british restaurant that is 
please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 3 at 
please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on friday at the 
hello, i am looking for a train to cambridge and need to arrive by 
hello, i am looking for a train to 
i'm leaving london liverpool street on 
i'm leaving 
i also need to find a 
i also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 
i would be there for 
i'm looking for a 
i would like the one in the 
not about to stay at a nasty hotel. can you find an 
not about to stay at a nasty hotel. can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 
not about to stay at a nasty 
let's go for that. book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
let's go for that. book it for 
let's go for that. book it for 3 people and 
yes, i would like to try a different 
yes, please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 3 people and 
hi, i am looking for an attraction in cambridge called 
i would like an 
i would like an expensive 
can you just find me a 
yes, for 
yes, for 7 people and 
we'll check in on 
could i now book a taxi to leave the 
could i now book a taxi to leave the 
could i now book a taxi to leave the nusha's at 24:45 and take me back to the 
could i now book a taxi to leave the nusha's at 
the price range should be 
the price range should be expensive and it should be a 
i will take something in the 
yes those are fine. i also need find an attraction in the 
yes, it needs to be in the 
yes, it needs to be in the east and be a 
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
can you find a restaurant called 
yes, 11:15 7 people on 
yes, 11:15 
yes, 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
yes, i would like a 
yes, i would like a cheap 
no, but i am trying to find rooms for a party of 
no, but i am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 
we'll arrive on 
we'll arrive on monday and stay 2 nights. there will be 
we'll arrive on monday and stay 
i need to book a guesthouse in the 
i need to book a 
does 
yes that would be perfect! can i please get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we'll be there by 
yes that would be perfect! can i please get it for 
yes that would be perfect! can i please get it for 3 people, 
fantastic, i'd also like a train leaving on 
will be leaving cambridge & going to kings lynn. wanted to arrive by 
will be leaving 
will be leaving cambridge & going to 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
how about 
is cocum located in the 
is 
are there any trains running this 
i am leaving cambridge going to norwich on 
i am leaving 
i am leaving cambridge going to 
i am leaving cambridge going to norwich on friday anytime after 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay at in the 
i'm also looking for a 
yes i would like it to be in the 
i do need a 
i'lll be staying 3 nights starting on 
i'lll be staying 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in 
can you help me find an 
i was wanting 
there will be 8 people, and i want to book it for 20:00 on 
there will be 
there will be 8 people, and i want to book it for 
yes i was wondering if you could help me find a 
could i book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? i'll need to arrive by 
i would like a 
how about 
i'm looking for information on the 
i'm sorry i don't need that booked. rather i need information on a place to dine. preferably expensive and in the 
i'm sorry i don't need that booked. rather i need information on a place to dine. preferably 
i'm departing from the 
i'm departing from the cambridge belfry and heading to the 
i need to leave the restaurant by 
i am looking for a resteraunt that serves 
yes, i am looking for local hotels. i would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the 
yes, i am looking for local hotels. i would prefer they be rated at least 
yes. please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 4 nights starting on 
yes. please book the gonville hotel for 
yes. please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 
yes. please book the 
i am looking for theatres to go to in the 
i am looking for 
is there an entrance fee to 
okay. i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
okay. i'm also looking for an 
yes, can we try 
i need finding a 
i don't have a preference for location but it does need to be 
please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 8 people at 
i also need a train for 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from norwich and going to 
same group of 
i want a place to stay in the 
i would like something with a 
bood ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from 
bood ashley hotel for 
bood ashley hotel for 
bood 
bood ashley hotel for 
the train should go to cambridge and should leave after 21:15. the train should depart from 
the train should go to 
the train should go to cambridge and should leave after 
i need the train to leave after 
i need the train to leave after 
yes please. i need tickets for 
i would like an expensive place to dine, 
i would like an 
the type of food doesn't matter, but i need a reservation for 
12:45 on 
12:45 on wednesday for 
can you help me find a place to stay that is 
are any of them in the 
please. i need a room on 
please. i need a room on tuesday for 5 nights. 
please. i need a room on tuesday for 
yes, someplace in the 
yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting 
yes, reserve it for me for 
yes, reserve it for me for 
i am also looking for a 
are there any 
i would settle for 
is meghna 
is 
i want it to be at 1
i want it to be at 
i need an information on a train leaving cambridge on 
i need an information on a train leaving 
i should arrive at birmingham new street after 
i should arrive at 
thank you! what is an expensive restaurant that serves 
thank you! what is an 
the 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from norwich to 
i am not sure. do you have one leaving after 9:15 on 
i am not sure. do you have one leaving after 
okay. that sounds good. can you tell me more about a restaurant called 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 5 people at 
yes. i need that booking for 
please list all moderately priced restaurants in the 
please list all 
i would really like some good 
i'll try the anatolia. please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 13:45 on 
i'll try the anatolia. please see if you can get me a table for 
i'll try the anatolia. please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 
i'll try the 
i also need a train to 
i want to arrive in broxbourne by 
i want to arrive in broxbourne by 17:15. i am leaving from 
i want to arrive in 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food. i would like a place in the 
is curry garden in the 
what part of town is 
yes, i am also interested in finding a college to visit in the 
i'll be leaving by 
i am looking for 
yes please. i need a reservation for 6 people at 16:15 on 
yes please. i need a reservation for 
yes please. i need a reservation for 6 people at 
yes, i'm very interested in visiting a history museum. is there a museum closer to the 
yes. can i please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 
at the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
how about a 
okay, great. i'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a 
i actually prefer a 
yes, please book the ashley hotel. i need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from 
yes, please book the ashley hotel. i need a booking for 
yes, please book the ashley hotel. i need a booking for 7 people for 
yes, please book the 
yes, please book the ashley 
i would like a taxi to take me from 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave christ college by 
no specific area but it needs to have 2 stars and area needs to be in the 
no specific area but it needs to have 
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 2 nights starting on 
book for me one of your choice for 
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 
yes i would like to find a 
i want some help finding a place to go in the 
how about 
do you have any 
how about 
is there any restaurants on the 
i want a restaurant serving 
i'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes please. i would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes please. i would like to book it for 
yes please. i would like to book it for 2 people for 
yes leaving from cambridge, on 
yes leaving from 
i need to be there by 
find me a train out of 
find me a train out of cambridge to 
i need it on friday and it should arrive at london kings cross by 
i need it on 
i need it on friday and it should arrive at 
i guess that will work. can you please make a booking for 
yes, british food in the 
yes, 
what is the phone number and postcode to 
i am going there from cambridge on 
i am going there from 
i would like to arrive by 
a nice place to eat that serves austrian food. in the 
a nice place to eat that serves 
okay, do you have any good restaurants serving 
what's good to eat on the 
what's good to eat on the west side, in the 
i would really like 
yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 13:45 on 
yes, please book me a table for 
yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 
if you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o 
i need an 
the hotel should have a star of 
what about a 
i would prefer the 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. can you find something that serves jamaican food in the 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. can you find something that serves 
are you sure? it should be 
i really want jamaican food. can you check another area? if you find one it should be expensive. if not i'll try thai in the 
i really want jamaican food. can you check another area? if you find one it should be expensive. if not i'll try 
i really want jamaican food. can you check another area? if you find one it should be 
no thanks. just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on 
no thanks. just go ahead and book a table for 
no thanks. just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 
i'm sorry to be a bother. instead of that reservation, i would be ok with british food. is there a british place in the 
i'm sorry to be a bother. instead of that reservation, i would be ok with 
okay, can i please have a reservation for 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
please book university arms for 3 people 4 nights on 
please book university arms for 
i still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can i start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the 
i still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can i start by looking for a 
i would like a 
i would like a japanese place in the 
can we search for 
that sounds lovely. i would like to book it for 
that sounds lovely. i would like to book it for saturday, for 
that sounds lovely. i would like to book it for saturday, for 7 people, at 
the 
the north part of town is where i want to go and include free parking and should have a star of 
that sounds perfect. i need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from 
that sounds perfect. i need a room for 
that sounds perfect. i need a room for 3 people and 
that sounds perfect. i need a room for 3 people and 
thank you! i also need a swimming pool in the 
i want to to leave the hotel by 
my arrival time will be 
i'm looking for 
great! i would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on 
great! i would like to book a table for 
great! i would like to book a table for 1 at 
hi, i'd like to book a train that leaves after 21:30 on 
hi, i'd like to book a train that leaves after 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge and traveling to 
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
how about 
please, for 
please, for 7 people at 
hi! i am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the 
hi! i am looking for a 
thank you! i am also looking for a 
thank you! i am also looking for a 5 star 
how about a 
you don't have any 4 stars in the 
you don't have any 
there are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with 
there are literally no 
i would like to book one starting 
i will arrive 
i will arrive friday and be there for 
it will be for 
it will be for 3 people and
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
yes please, 4 people at 11:00 on 
yes please, 
yes please, 4 people at 
thank you for helping me book a table for 
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at 
where can i find the 
okay. can i book 
6 people, 4 nights starting on 
6 people, 
i'm also looking for a restaurant called the 
for 6 people on 
for 
for 6 people on friday at 
i am looking for a train on 
i am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 
i am leaving 
i am leaving leicester and going to 
please do, i will need this for 
i also need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star place in the 
i also need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 
i prefer the 
yes please. remember there are 
yes please. remember there are 6 people. it should be at least 3 stars and 
yes please. remember there are 6 people. it should be at least 
just 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and will need a place to stay. i prefer a guesthouse with 
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and will need a place to stay. i prefer a 
are any of those 
could you see if you could book me a room in one that is 
i do not care, book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from 
i do not care, book it for 
i do not care, book it for 3 people and 
i do not care, book it for 
actually, 
i need a place to stay in the 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a cheap 
no actually i need to find a train to cambridge from norwich on saturday arriving by 
no actually i need to find a train to cambridge from norwich on 
no actually i need to find a train to cambridge from 
no actually i need to find a train to 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i don't really have a preference. i just need something for 
i don't really have a preference. i just need something for sunday at 18:00. there will be 
i don't really have a preference. i just need something for sunday at 
i'd like to arrive by 
yes, that works great. could you book 
i'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called 
i would like to book a table on 
i would like to book a table on thursday for 
i would like to book a table on thursday for 6 people at 
i would also like to find a place to stay near the town 
i would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free wifi in the 
i would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 
yes, please. can i get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? we'll be staying 
i'm sorry, i need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to arrive at 
are there any 
yes, i'd like to find one in the 
yes, i need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this 
yes, i need to book a table for five people at 17:1
yes, i need to book a table for five people at 
will you check 16:1
will you check 
hi! i'd like a hotel with a 
hi! i'd like a 
i'm trying to stay on the 
would you also find me a 
yes i will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by 
no i want to leave 
no i want to leave camboats at 
some type of fancy 
great, i like free! can you give me the postcode and phone number to 
thanks! can you also tell me about 
yes please, for 5 people at 13:00 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 5 people at 
hi! my friends told me about a restaurant called the 
yes, i need a train from 
yes, i need a train from cambridge and going to 
yes, i would like to leave on sunday and arrive by 
yes, i would like to leave on 
i need a place to stay in cambridge that is rated 
not really. can you book one of them for 
i just want the reservation number for 
4 nights. 
i'd like a moderately priced european restaurant in the 
i'd like a moderately priced 
i'd like a 
yes, please. i need a table on 
yes, please. i need a table on friday at 12:
yes, please. i need a table on friday at 
how about 
how about friday at 11:
how about friday at 
hello, i am in the 
can i please have the information for the 
is there an 
and it's 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a swedish restaurant, preferably in the 
i prefer the 
the 
are they in the east or 
i really wanted a hotel in the moderate price range. can you look in the 
i really wanted a hotel in the 
yes, i also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on friday. i need to arrive by 
yes, i also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on 
yes, i also need to find a train from 
yes, i also need to find a train from cambridge to 
let's do a 
thanks. i am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. i'd like to have 
a 
that sounds interesting. can i get reservations for 
i would like to reserve it for 11:15 for 
i would like to reserve it for 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
let's try 
what is the name of the 
i'm visiting cambridge soon and would like to visit a museum in the 
i'm visiting cambridge soon and would like to visit a 
can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the 
can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the centre as well? i would like one that serves 
something in the 
sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 18:45 on 
sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 
sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 
i am actually looking for efes restaurant. i would like to book a table for 7 people on 
i am actually looking for efes restaurant. i would like to book a table for 
i am actually looking for efes restaurant. i would like to book a table for 7 people on sunday at 
i am actually looking for 
i will be departing birmingham new street on 
that would be great. i will need 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel by the name of 
i would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
i would like to know if it is available for 
i would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 
yes please, can you help me find a train from birmingham new street to cambridge on 
yes please, can you help me find a train from 
yes please, can you help me find a train from birmingham new street to 
i would like to leave after 12:30 and leave on 
i would like to leave after 
yeah, choose one and book it for 
i want to find out about expensive restaurants in the 
i want to find out about 
hi i am looking for an entertainment venue in the 
hi i am looking for an 
how about one that is in the type of 
i'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the 
1 person at 18:00 on 
1 person at 
can you have a taxi pick me up at vue cinema and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by 
can you have a taxi pick me up at 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i also need it in the 
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge, arriving by 
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge, arriving by 12:30 on 
yes i am looking for a train leaving 
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge, arriving by 12:30 on wednesday to 
i want to find a restaurant in any area and servings 
are there any 
i also need to find a guesthouse to say in. preferably a 
i also need to find a 
i'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? i actually need a guesthouse in the 
i'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? i actually need a 
no let's try looking in the 
yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on 
yes, please 
yes, please 
just a taxi leaving the theatre by 
i want a french restaurant on the 
i want a 
is there any thai restaurants on the 
is there any 
could you also help me find 
is it a 
are there any places to go in the 
sounds good. are there any 
i need to find somewhere to stay in the 
what is the price range? i'd like something in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant, should be 
i was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price. lets go with 
i was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a 
can you just verify, is there an international restaurant in the 
can you just verify, is there an 
are there no 
sorry, this is the husband, im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. please book us for nandos at 13:45 on 
sorry, this is the husband, im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. please book us for nandos at 13:4
sorry, this is the husband, im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. please book us for nandos at 
sorry, this is the husband, im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. please book us for 
can you help me find a train that leaves on 
can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from 
i need to leave after 
great. let's book it for 
thanks. i'm also looking for information on 
the place must have a 
that sounds great. can i book 2 nights for 6 people starting on 
that sounds great. can i book 2 nights for 
that sounds great. can i book 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the centre and serves 
i just need a little help booking a train from 
to bishops stortford i need to arrive by 
to 
i don't care what time i depart as long as i can arrive by 
i don't care what time i depart as long as i can arrive by 12:45 on 
i will need 
can you find a hotel for me called 
yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting 
yes, please, for 
yes, please, for 4 people, for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i would like for the place to be 
yes. i want to book it for 8 people, starting 
yes. i want to book it for 
yes. i want to book it for 8 people, starting sunday, for 
can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the 
can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves 
please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on 
please book reservation for 
please book reservation for 2 people at 
i need a guesthouse, including free parking. it should have a 
i need a 
i also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. i need to leave the restaurant by 
please find me a 
i would like a place in the 
are either of them a 
okay well i need free parking and wifi. do either one of these 
could you pick a hotel in the 
could you pick a 
how about just a place in the 
how about just a place in the north with a 
a hotel with free wifi and parking on the 
a 
moderately priced, in the 
i want to eat 
let me know about your 
book the one in the 
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 13:45 on 
book the one in the centre a table for 
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 
thank you. i will also need a 
i have the 
i want a nice 
thank you. i also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the 
thank you. i also need your help finding a 
i want 
i want italian, so let's go with 
thanks! i also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave milton country park by 10:15 and go to 
i'd like to leave milton country park by 
i want to leave the park by 
hello, can you recommend any architecture that i could see in the 
hello, can you recommend any 
yes i need to find a place to stay with a 
yes please. book for 2 people for 3 night starting 
yes please. book for 
yes please. book for 2 people for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i actually need to stay in the 
the 
i would like to find something fun to do in the 
ok. i want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 
yes, i would like to find a 
yes, i would like to find a mediterranean restaurant in the 
i will be departing from stevenage and going into cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from stevenage and going into 
i want to depart anytime after 
thanks! i'm also looking to stay in a 
thanks! i'm also looking to stay in a 0-star 
i need help finding a 
i'm interested in 
can you book me a table there for 7 on 
can you book me a table there for 
can you book me a table there for 7 on friday at 
i would like to leave in 
i would like to go to 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 13:00 and should depart from 
okay. can you go ahead and book that train for 
i'm looking for info about the 
can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at 13:45 on 
can you please book the restaurant for 
can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at 
i also need a sports place to go on the 
yes i would like to stay in a guesthouse that is 
yes i would like to stay in a 
i need a place in the 
that sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 4 nights starting from 
that sounds good please book me a room for 
that sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 
what about 
i am also looking for a place to go in town, 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of 
that doesn't matter. i would like a 
i don't have one, but i'd like one of 
i'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes i would like to book for 5 people at 14:45 on 
yes i would like to book for 
yes i would like to book for 5 people at 
if you could assist me with finding a 
it depends, i really want a hotel with a 
it depends, i really want a 
the hotel doesn't have to be in the 
that's wonderful. please book for 5 nights for 5 people on 
that's wonderful. please book for 
hi, i'm actually looking to stay at a luxury 
does it have a rating of 
i am looking to stay for 1 person, 4 nights, starting 
i am looking to stay for 
i am looking to stay for 1 person, 
i am looking to stay for 1 person, 
sure, let's try 
excellent! now, what can you tell me about the 
i want to visit the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre. i am interested in a 
i want to leave the restaurant at 04:30. my destination is 
i want to leave the restaurant at 
could you help me find a train to 
i want to leave from cambridge on 
i want to leave from 
i don't have a preferred departure time but the train should arrive by 
i would prefer it to be a 
that sounds great - i want to book it for 5 people for two nights starting 
that sounds great - i want to book it for 
i'm visiting cambridge and i need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 
i'm visiting cambridge and i need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 0 star 
no, it should be in the 
what about the one on the 
yes, can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting on 
yes, can you book for 
yes, can you book for 8 people, 
i am actually looking to book a restaurant called 
i would like to book it for 
i would like to book it for thursday for 
i would like to book it for thursday for 8 people for 
hello, i am going to nee a place to go in the 
hello, i am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. 
no. could we try a museum in the 
no. could we try a 
can i have the postcode, entrance fee and address? i also need a hotel within a 
are there any 
starting on 
starting on wednesday please. 
starting on wednesday please. 
are there any 
i would like something in the 
i would like something in the centre that is 
can you book alexander bed and breakfast for me? i have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights, starting 
can you book alexander bed and breakfast for me? i have 
can you book alexander bed and breakfast for me? i have 8 people and would like to stay 
can you book 
find a 
are any of the guesthouses 
are any of the 
i'll take the one on top of your list, i'll arrive 
i'll take the one on top of your list, i'll arrive saturday it's 
i'll take the one on top of your list, i'll arrive saturday it's 3 people for 
great! i've heard about a restaurant called 
make the reservation for 
make the reservation for saturday night for 
make the restaurant reservation for 21:00 and i need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2
make the restaurant reservation for 
i actually don't need a restaurant reservation. i do need a taxi, though. i need to leave 
i actually don't need a restaurant reservation. i do need a taxi, though. i need to leave curry garden at 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
ok, how about 
i want to do some 
great. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
the hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 
i want to go to the 
i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on 
i want a train that leaves after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from bishops stortford and heading into 
yes, i need a booking for 
thank you. i am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
guesthouses are fine if they are in the 
alright, i'd like to book for 
hello, i'm looking for an 
thank you, i am also looking for a hotel on the 
thank you, i am also looking for a 
i like a guesthouse in the 
i like a 
could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the 
yes, a taxi, i want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by 
i'm in the 
i'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. can you tell me what local 
i would like to book the 
no, like i said, i would prefer the hotel. can you please check availability for me at the hotel? i want 
no, like i said, i would prefer the 
i am going to be on the 
for 4 people at 13:45 on 
for 
for 4 people at 
we would like recommendation of places we could go on the 
yes, i would like to try 
i want something 
i need a reservation for 5 people for 16:15 on 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 5 people for 
i would like to find any type of attraction in the 
sounds great, thanks! can you please book me a taxi from 
i'm looking for a particular hotel called the 
5 nights starting 
yes, i will need a train to cambridge on 
i'm departing from norwich and want to arrive by 
i'm departing from 
hi, i'm looking for a 
it doesn't matter, should be 
i looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. located in the 
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on 
pick one for me and book for 
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 
oh, 
oh, 
i need to leave 
i need to leave the hotel by 
can you provide information about 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the 
i really love 
okay, how about 
i want to leave the restaurant by 11:45. going to 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
i need some help choosing a train to 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i need to leave after 
great can you get me 
thank you very much! also, can you recommend a hotel in the 
thank you very much! also, can you recommend a 
how about the 
how about the 
how about the 
please find me a restaurant in the 
i am looking for traditional food in the 
i am looking for 
how about 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced, 
i am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star 
what about 
what about moderately priced 
i also need information on 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
do they have parking? i want one that does 
can you check and see if there's one in the 
can you check and see if there's one in the 
that works. book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with 
that works. book it for 
that works. book it for 7 people for 
how about 
i need to find a restaurant call the 
perhaps you could try searching for "the 
yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on 
yes, could you book a table for 
yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 
can you help me find a train leaving on 
can you help me find a train leaving on saturday departing from 
i am going to 
i am going to cambridge and would like to leave after 
that's great, i also need a hotel with free wifi, i would prefer a 
in the 
yes. 
yes. saturday, 2 nights, 
yes. saturday, 
i'm looking for a high end 
saigon city sounds great. can you help me book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on 
saigon city sounds great. can you help me book a table for 
saigon city sounds great. can you help me book a table for 8 people at 
yes, could you please try for 
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a 
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a 4 star 
i would like a hotel on the 
i would like a 
i want the 
please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on 
please book that for 
please book that for 
thanks. i am also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne on 
thanks. i am also looking for a train from 
thanks. i am also looking for a train from cambridge to 
i need the tickets for 
i need to be in 
okay, please book that train for the same group of people on 
i am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
no i'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the 
no i'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. i need to make a reservation for 2 on 
no i'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. i need to make a reservation for 
1
i need the train to leave cambridge on 
i need the train to leave 
i need the train to leave cambridge on monday after 10:30 and go to 
i need the train to leave cambridge on monday after 
i need a one bed 
i would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the 
i am also interested in finding a train to cambridge from norwich on 
i am also interested in finding a train to cambridge from 
i am also interested in finding a train to 
i need the train to leave after 
1
hi, i'm looking for information on concert halls in the 
yes an you check the 
how about just 
i also need a 
any area will do. is there a 
any area will do. is there a cheap one that's 
i just need it to be cheap and available on 
i just need it to be 
can't you suggest one and book a room for 
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 
i need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, i want to leave the attraction by 
hello, i am looking for a place to stay that has 
i would like a hotel in the 
i don't have a price range i just need it to be a 
i would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on 
i would like the hotel for 
i would like the hotel for 5 people for 
i would like the hotel for 5 people for 
i would like the 
if you can't book it for 
i have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the 
i'd like it to be 
excellent. can i get the phone number for the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is 
i don't really care. it's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's 
there are 4 people. i would like it to be on 
there are 
there are 4 people. i would like it to be on monday and arrive by 
great, i am also looking for an 
i need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, 
are there any 
yes please just book that 
i get into town 
i get into town monday. is the guesthouse 
sorry, i actually want an 
okay, i want a reservation for 4 people starting 
okay, i want a reservation for 
okay, i want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 
i want to leave at 15:15 and go to the 
i want to leave at 
what can you tell me about the 
i need a place to stay please. a 
no, but i'm looking for a place with a 
the 
please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from 
please book for 
please book for 6 people and 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves 
yes, i'd like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on 
yes, i'd like to reserve a table for 
yes, i'd like to reserve a table for 5 at 
can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 
can you help me find a train departing 
i am going to cambridge from 
i am going to 
leaving on 
that sounds perfect! i need 
yes, i also would like to book a room at the 
please book for 
there will be 
there will be 
i am looking for a japanese restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking to stay at a 
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the 
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 
no thank you. i am looking for a train for 
going from 
going from broxbourne to 
i'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city 
i do not not care, it just needs to be 
yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from 
yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from cambridge to 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 
the train should leave on 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
ok, how about 
i need to find a place to eat in the 
i am looking for a expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre that serves 
i am looking for a 
yes, thank you. can i also get the postcode and address for 
i'll just drop in, thanks. i also want to see a 
i need a 
i need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a 
what about a 
it doesn't matter as long as it is a 
it doesn't matter as long as it is a 4 star 
i'll be arriving on 
i'd like to find a moderately priced 
i'd like to find a 
thank you very much for the address of the 
i want to try a local restaurant called 
no thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on 
no thank you, but can you make a booking for 
no thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 
i do not prefer a particular area of town but i would like the hotel to be a 
that sounds great. 
that sounds great. 
i would like the booking starting on 
i would like the booking starting on wednesday for 
thank you! i also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 
i am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the 
i want the 
maybe if you can get me the address. i also want a restaurant in the same place which serves 
can i reserve a table for two at the moderately priced 
can i reserve a table for two at the 
i need them for 2 people at 12:45 on 
i need them for 
i need them for 2 people at 
thanks for the reservation. i also need a taxi from the passenger cruisers to arrive at the indian restaurant by the booked 
thanks for the reservation. i also need a taxi from 
thanks for the reservation. i also need a taxi from the passenger cruisers to arrive at 
i'd really like to check out some interesting 
thank you. i also need an expensive place to eat in the center, preferably one that serves 
thank you. i also need an 
yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for 
yes, can you make a reservation for 
yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for wednesday at 
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge called nandos city 
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge called 
okay great. i am also looking for a train that goes to 
okay great. i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 
i'm leaving on 
i'm leaving on tuesday and from 
no, those won't work at all. as i said, i need to leave after 
that's perfect. i need to book the train for 
i need help getting some info on the 
i'm also looking for a 
the hotel i'm looking for is called the 
the 
well what is on the 
hello, i am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called 
i'm also looking for a train from 
the hotel booking is for 4 people starting 
the hotel booking is for 
the hotel booking is for 4 people starting monday. we will stay 
great i also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking and departs from 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a hotel and it has to be a 
it doesn't matter what section it is in. are there any guesthouses listed that have a 
it doesn't matter what section it is in. are there any 
i'm looking for a train to 
i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 
i will be departing from kings lynn on 
i will be departing from 
that sounds great. i will need 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the 
i'm looking for a 
please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for 
please book cityroomz for the 
please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for saturday for 
please book 
anything would be fine, but lets look up 
yes. what is the postcode and phone number? also, i am needing a 
yes. what is the postcode and phone number? also, i am needing a 4 star 
please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 5 people and 
please book it for 5 people and 
can you try booking it for just 
can you help me find a 
no preference. it needs to have 
that sounds great. i need to make a booking for 
that sounds great. i need to make a booking for sunday for 
thanks. i'd also like to make a reservation at 
same group of people, at 
well, i'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and i need to get to the restaurant no later than 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves 
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves international food and is 
great, can you book a table for 4 people on 
great, can you book a table for 
great, can you book a table for 4 people on thursday at 
no, is there anything available for 18:
no, is there anything available for 
hello, i'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. the name of it is 
sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on 
sounds good. can you book me a table for 
sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on monday at 
yes, i'll need a place to sleep off all that food. do you have anything that's 
yes, i'll need a place to sleep off all that food. do you have anything that's cheap but also has a 
i would prefer a 
i'll be checking in on 
i'm the only one staying in the 
i'm looking for a 
it doesn't really matter but it should have a 
is the 
is the avalon a hotel type and 
is the avalon a hotel type and moderately priced with a 
is the avalon a 
i'm going to think about it. i'd really prefer a 
i can also check to see if we have 
i'd like it to be rated 
i'll also be needing to find 
as long as i can get a taxi to the 
okay i need to leave the attraction by 
thank you so much, i know i was confusing. can you just tell me the entrance fee for the 
yes, could i get the postcode for 
yes, could i get the postcode for cam
i am going off to 
in the 
can you help me find a 
university arms hotel sounds just great. please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 4 nights starting from 
university arms hotel sounds just great. please get me a booking for 
university arms hotel sounds just great. please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 
i need a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
i need a restaurant. the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the 
yes.
please book for 4 people at 17:00 on 
please book for 
please book for 4 people at 
i am also interested in attractions in the 
i am also interested in attractions in the centre. specifically, i am interested in 
how about an attraction that has to do with 
yes, i'd like a taxi to take me to pipasha restaurant and then to cambridge punter. i'd like to arrive at pipasha restaurant by 
yes, i'd like a taxi to take me to 
actually i'll be at the 
can you help me find a place to go in the 
i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm also looking for an 
yes, i would like to find a 
yes let's look for 
i would like to leave st mary's church by 
hi, i am currently planning to come to cambridge, and i was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the 
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 19:15 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 
i want a place with a 
i would like some lebanese food in the 
i would like some 
how about 
i'm looking for 
could you just book a table for me? i would like it to be on 
could you just book a table for me? i would like it to be on monday at 17:
could you just book a table for me? i would like it to be on monday at 
i am also looking for a place to go in the 
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre i would like to see 
can you help me find a train leaving after 20:45 going to 
can you help me find a train leaving after 
i will be travelling on 
i'm sorry, i just need the arrival time and price, please. that is departing from 
can you please book me 
oh, a 
i need it in the 
how about the ashley 
can you make a reservation for 
can you make a reservation for friday for 
can you make a reservation for friday for 5 people, 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
i would love some afghan food in the 
i would love some 
how about 
i need a place to stay that has 
yes, the 
yes, the centre of town please. also, 
can i get the phone number and address for 
thanks, i also need to find a restaurant with modern eclectic food in 
thanks, i also need to find a restaurant with 
how about 
yes that sounds great. please book me a table for 5 at 20:00 on 
yes that sounds great. please book me a table for 
yes that sounds great. please book me a table for 5 at 
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves 
i would like an 
how about 
could you tell me the phone number of 
yes, i would like the number for 
thank you. can you also tell me the address for 
i would like to find a 
i would like to find a danish restaurant this is 
no. how about 
i am looking for a 
i would like to book for four people for three nights beginning on 
yes please book it for four people in 3 nights starting on 
yes please book it for four people in 
yes please book it for four people in 
thank you. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, it is called 
hi, can you look up 
that's it. can you make a reservation for me? there are 5 of us and we would like to reserve 
that's it. can you make a reservation for me? there are 
that's it. can you make a reservation for me? there are 5 of us and we would like to reserve sunday at 
can you help me find a restaurant called 
thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on 
thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 
thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 
i am looking for 
i am looking for italian restaurants in cambridge in the 
i'm looking for something in the 
yes, please. i also need a train on monday, arriving at 
yes, please. i also need a train on 
i would like to go to 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge heading to 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant called 
thank you! do you know what the price range is at 
i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east with 
i'm also looking for a 
i'll take the allenbell. it's in the 
i'll take the 
hello, can you help me find a 
hello, can you help me find a cheap 
i don't care. i'd like a hotel though, with 
i don't care. i'd like a 
that sounds wonderful. can you please book a reservation for 
sunday, for 
sunday, for 
can you help me find a german restaurant in the 
can you help me find a 
can you find me something 
i prefer the 
you know what, i've changed my mind. i'd prefer international to italian. are there any like that in the 
you know what, i've changed my mind. i'd prefer 
that sounds good. could i get a reservation on 
that sounds good. could i get a reservation on thursday at 
that sounds good. could i get a reservation on thursday at 
i guess a reservation at 
i guess a reservation at 
perhaps another restaurant in the 
perhaps another restaurant in the east that serves 
you stated earlier there was no german restaurant in the west, but i was looking for one in the 
you stated earlier there was no 
okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap international restaurant on the 
okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 
okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap 
okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a 
can you try again to book the missing sock for 
can you try again to book the missing sock for 1 person at 
can you try again to book 
is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 15:15 on 
is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 
is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 
i need a restaurant serving international food in the 
i need a restaurant serving international food in the east 
i need a restaurant serving international food in the east thursday at 
i need a restaurant serving international food in the east thursday at 
i need a restaurant serving 
thanks! i need a hotel on the 
yes, as long as it is in the same general area and price range as 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
are there any nightclubs in the 
are there any 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
which hotels are rated 
i need to find a restaurant in the 
i need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. it should be in the 
i'd prefer the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 2 star 
the area doesn't matter i would like an 
the area doesn't matter i would like an expensive 
yes, please book me a room for 
i need it for 
i need it for 
thank you! i am also looking for a place to go in town. i'm thinking a college in the 
thank you! i am also looking for a place to go in town. i'm thinking a 
thanks! i'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
are there any portuguese restaurants in the 
are there any 
i would like a reservation for 6 people on 
i would like a reservation for 
i would like a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 
i would like to go to an expensive 
i would like to go to an 
the 
book for me sure. a table for 8 people at 11:45 on 
book for me sure. a table for 
book for me sure. a table for 8 people at 
please book 
i also need an 
i'm looking for places to go in the 
a 
i would like a hotel in the 
i'll repeat this: the hotel should be in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
what about a 
no i really want a 4 star hotel in the 
no i really want a 
no i really want a 4 star 
ok. are there any 
ok. are there any 4 star 
what is the most 
what is the most eastern located 
what is the most eastern located 4 star 
ok, lets go with that then. can you book me a room for 
ok, lets go with that then. can you book me a room for thursday for 3 people, 
ok, lets go with that then. can you book me a room for thursday for 
yes please. please recommend a hotel that is available thursday for 3 people, 2 nights as far 
yes please. please recommend a hotel that is available 
yes please. please recommend a hotel that is available thursday for 3 people, 
yes please. please recommend a hotel that is available thursday for 
yes please. please recommend a 
as long as it's 
there are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the 
there are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 2 nights starting on 
there are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 
there are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 
there are no 
i really need to stay in the 
yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting from 
yes please book it for 3 people for 
yes please book it for 
wow this is really confusing. let's start from the beginning. can you see if you can find a place to stay in the 
wow this is really confusing. let's start from the beginning. can you see if you can find a place to stay in the east with 
i want a hotel for 3 people and 
i want a hotel for 
can you please try to find me another hotel in the 
can you please try to find me another 
nope, i'll take anything on the 
nope, i'll take anything on the eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or wifi, booked for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
nope, i'll take anything on the eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or wifi, booked for 
nope, i'll take anything on the eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or wifi, booked for 3 people and 
nope, i'll take anything on the eastside that's 
i'm also looking for an 
we're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around 17:00 for 
we're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around 
can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can you give me the phone number of a 
yes, is there another moderately priced restaurant in the 
yes, is there another 
i'm looking for places to visit in the 
no. can you recommend something in the 
thank you. i'm also interested in finding a 
the 
the north please and 
i am going to the 
i think i'd like to visit a 
yes please and i'm looking for a 
i prefer the guesthouse, please. i'd like a reservation for 6 people, 2 nights. we'll be arriving on 
i prefer the guesthouse, please. i'd like a reservation for 
i prefer the guesthouse, please. i'd like a reservation for 6 people, 
i prefer the 
yes please,the 
i would like to stay in the 
lets start over, my apologies. we were actually looking for a 
lets start over, my apologies. we were actually looking for a moderate priced hotel, with 
how about a 
how about a cheap 
ok that works please make reservations for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
ok that works please make reservations for 
ok that works please make reservations for 
i'm also looking for a museum in the 
i'm also looking for a 
yes, can i have more information about the 
yes, can i have more information about the cambridge 
can i also get a phone number and postcode for the 
i need to find a british restaurant in 
i need to find a 
please book 2 tables for 8 people on 
please book 2 tables for 
graffiti sounds good. i actually need that reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on 
graffiti sounds good. i actually need that reservation for 
graffiti sounds good. i actually need that reservation for 5 people at 
i would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in cambridge at 
i would also like a train departing from 
i would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in 
i need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the 
i don't care, as long as it's 
yes, i would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on 
yes, i would like a table for 
yes, i would like a table for 1 at 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an indian restaurant that is priced 
one in the 
yes i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on 
yes i would like to book a table for 
yes i would like to book a table for 6 people at 
can you find me a very nice hotel in the 
i will be staying for 
i'll be arriving on 
yes, let's try for 
i'm looking for 
can you find a modern european restaurant in the 
can you find a 
is there anything in the 
are there any expensive 
are there any 
no the 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves 
i'm looking for an 
i would like to make a reservation at the 
i'd like a train heading for cambridge from 
i'd like a train heading for 
i will be traveling on 
yes, for 
awesome. i'm also looking for the 
i would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on 
i would like to book it for the same group for 
uh, i thought i told you 
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
i would like a hotel with a 
i would like a 
3 people and 3 nights starting from 
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at 
i am also looking for a train departing from 
i am also looking for a train departing from leicester and going to 
i need to leave after 14:00. and it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves mexican food. preferably, some place that is cheap to 
yes, i'm not looking for a restaurant right now, i'm actually looking for a train. i need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on 
yes, i'm not looking for a restaurant right now, i'm actually looking for a train. i need to go to cambridge from 
yes, i'm not looking for a restaurant right now, i'm actually looking for a train. i need to go to 
yes, i'm not looking for a restaurant right now, i'm actually looking for a train. i need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on saturday after 
yes the 1
i'm not looking for a restaurant, i want a 
hello! i am looking for a play stay, i would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the 
hello! i am looking for a play stay, i would like it in the 
are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the 
yes please. an expensive hotel in the 
a 
please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
please book for 
please book for 
how about for 
can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
can you make a reservation for 
can you make a reservation for 6 people for 
how about for 
how about for 
i'm looking to stay at a 
i would like a 
i would like a 4 star 
a 
i need to book for 3 people on 3 nights starting 
i need to book for 
i need to book for 
nothern 
ok. how about just 
i would like to find a 
okay. i;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 
okay. i;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on 
okay. i;m looking for a train that departs from 
okay. i;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 08:00 in 
can you help me find a cheapt 
can you help me find a 
no, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. we'd like to eat at 13:15 on 
no, just pick your favorite and book a table for 
no, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. we'd like to eat at 
i need to take a train from cambridge to stansted airport i need to arrive by 
i need to take a train from 
i need to take a train from cambridge to 
i need to go on 
it doesn't matter. i like 
it doesn't matter. i like 4 star 
i'd prefer something in the 
that sounds good. can i get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
that sounds good. can i get that for 
that sounds good. can i get that for 8 people for 
that sounds good. can i get that for 8 people for 
would you be able to recommend a 
i'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is 
the area doesn't matter i prefer a 
then book for 1 people and 4 nights starting 
then book for 
then book for 1 people and 
i am looking for something that serves british food in the 
i am looking for something that serves 
i would like to dine somewhere that is 
yes but i need to leave the night club by 1:45 and go to 
yes but i need to leave the night club by 
i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like to find a 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i also need a hotel called 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i'd like an expensive 
i'd like an 
that sounds perfect! can you book a table for 5 people @ 13:30 on 
that sounds perfect! can you book a table for 
that sounds perfect! can you book a table for 5 people @ 
i am looking a train arriving by 
i am looking a train arriving by 17:45 that leaves on 
leaving 
leaving cambridge and going to 
thank you so much. i appreciate it. can you also help me find a british restaurant in the 
thank you so much. i appreciate it. can you also help me find a 
i'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the 
i bet i'll be hungry after visiting the georgina so can you please find me a chinese restaurant in the 
i bet i'll be hungry after visiting the georgina so can you please find me a 
thank you, the restaurant should be in the 
yes, give me the address and phone number to the 
can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to 
can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to riverboat? i want to leave the restaurant by 
i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
i'm going to 
i'm going to 
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i need a 
no, i was hoping to eat some 
no, i was hoping to eat some 
sorry, not sure i follow. can you recommend a 
sorry, not sure i follow. can you recommend a 
thank you. i need it for 4 people at 12:15 on 
thank you. i need it for 
thank you. i need it for 4 people at 
hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the 
hello i am looking for an 
is the food there 
yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on 
yes, could you make a reservation for 
yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on tuesday at 
i am also looking for a hotel by the name of 
yes i need it for 4 nights starting 
yes i need it for 4 nights starting tuesday for 
hi. i am hoping you can help me find a cheap 
hi. i am hoping you can help me find a 
the mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions. let's book a table for two at the 
actually, i don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address and phone number for the 
hi, i'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the 
hi, i'm looking a 
that sounds good. i need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on 
that sounds good. i need to book a 
great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting 
great can you book that for 
great can you book that for 7 people for 
i'd like to find 
i'd like to find panasian food for 
how about 
and that's a 
hello, can you help me find a pricey 
i sort of really had my heart set on 
yes can you find me a hotel that is 
yes can you find me a 
sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that. still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive indian ones in the 
sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that. still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive 
sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that. still looking for a restaurant, are there any 
yes, can you book a table for 8 people on 
yes, can you book a table for 
yes, can you book a table for 8 people on saturday at 
i'm also looking for a place called 
i would like recommendations for 
i'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the 
i'm looking for something in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train to stansted airport that departs on wednesday. it needs to arrive by 
i'm looking for a train to stansted airport that departs on 
i'm looking for a train to 
i would like to eat at an expensive 
i would like to eat at an 
great, can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on 
great, can you book me a table for 
great, can you book me a table for 2 at 
how about 
i'm interested in any info about places to go in the 
that sounds great! i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of 
that sounds great! i am also looking for a place to stay. the 
no, just a 
no, just a moderate 
if there are no hotels i'll stay at the 
i'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from 
i'd like to book for 
i'd like to book for 1 person, 
yes, i was wondering if you could help me find a 
yes, i would like a 4 star guesthouse that is 
yes, i would like a 
yes, i would like a 4 star 
not at the moment. but i do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge on 
not at the moment. but i do need information on a train from 
not at the moment. but i do need information on a train from leicester to 
not at the moment. but i do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge on sunday leaving after 
i also need a train leaving 
i also need a train leaving sunday after 
i need to get out of the city on 
i would like to depart from 
no, we are going to 
no, we are going to norwich and need to leave after 
yes, please. i need 
i also need to find a restaurant in the 
i also need to find a restaurant in the west with a 
do you have any options in the 
do you have any options in the west with 
how about one that serves 
yes, please make a reservation for 
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 
i will be dining there on 
hi, i'm looking for a nightclub located in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
no that's ok. is there anything in the 
no that's ok. is there anything in the east in the category of 
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. it will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from 
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. it will be for 
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. it will be for 7 people for 
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a guesthouse in 
i also need a 
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a 
between the hotel and the 
oh sure, i would like to leave the hotel by 
i need a place to stay that has 
i would like it to be in the 
i need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 7 people for 
thanks, i also need a train from 
thanks, i also need a train from cambridge starting at 
i need to leave on 
could you check one more time? i'm departing cambridge and going to london kings cross. i should arrive by 
could you check one more time? i'm departing cambridge and going to london kings cross. i should arrive by 10:30 on 
could you check one more time? i'm departing 
yes. please book for 
could you help me find the 
i would like to check in on 
i would like to check in on saturday for 2 nights. there will be 
i would like to check in on saturday for 
i am looking for places to go when i get to town. are there any good 
yes i would prefer to be in the 
i am also looking for a place to stay. perhaps 
yes i am looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
great! do either one have a 
yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes please book one for 
yes please book one for 6 people and 
i need a train to 
i need to depart from 
i need to depart from london liverpool street, after 
it needs to be on 
i do need a train from london liverpool street on 
please book for 
do you have directions to a guesthouse i can rent in the 
do you have directions to a 
a 
great, can you help me find some place to go in the 
great, can you help me find some place to go in the centre, maybe a 
yes, i also need a taxi to go between the two. i want to leave the hotel by 
can you help me find a train going to cambridge departing from 
can you help me find a train going to 
my meeting is on 
i would like to arrive by 
that's all i needed to know about the train. thank you. i'm also looking for a 
the area doesn't matter but make sure its a 
how about one that is in the 
that sounds great. please book it for 8 people for 4 nights, starting on 
that sounds great. please book it for 
that sounds great. please book it for 8 people for 
that sounds great. please book it for 8 people for 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes. would you be able to book 
yes. would you be able to book monday at 18:15 for a party of 
yes. would you be able to book monday at 
i'm also looking for places to go while i'm there, preferable something in the 
how about a 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
the hotel should be a guesthouse, in the 
the hotel should be a 
yes, that sounds good. can you book that for 
yes, that sounds good. can you book that for wednesday. i have 
yes, that sounds good. can you book that for wednesday. i have 2 people and want to stay 
can we try for 
can we try for 
yes, are there any trains leaving town after 13:45 on 
yes, are there any trains leaving town after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge to 
can i have the train id and price for the first train after 
i am looking for a entertainment in the 
i am looking for a 
i was also wondering if you can help me find a restaurant called 
can you give me the postal code for 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves 
what about 
i need a train from 
i need a train from kings lynn to go to 
saturday and i want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving 
saturday and i want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to 
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve 
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
yes please book for 1 at 19:00 on 
yes please book for 
yes please book for 1 at 
hi, i'm looking for a 
what about 
yes, for four people, on 
yes, for four people, on monday, at 
how about 1
how about 
i am also looking for a hotel. can you find the 
i will be going from the 
i will be going from the acorn house to the 
i am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. i want 
i am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. i want asian oriental in the 
let's try the one on the 
i would like the reservation for 5 people at 18:45 on 
i would like the reservation for 
i would like the reservation for 5 people at 
i need to get to cambridge from peterborough by 
i need to get to cambridge from 
i need to get to 
yes please. i need 
can you find a restaurant called 
i would like a reservation for 1 person on 
i would like a reservation for 
i would like a reservation for 1 person on sunday at 
i also want a place to go in the 
can you help me find a train departing from 
can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to 
i would like to leave after 
okay thank you. could you help me find a guesthouse in the 
okay thank you. could you help me find a 
i need one in the 
ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a 
yes, please. i would like it for 
yes, please. i would like it for thursday for 
yes, please. i would like it for thursday for 7 people, 
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving 
i want to find a 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 
i would prefer the 
yes. please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for the 
thank you. i'm also look for an 
thank you. i'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. i'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 
thank you. i'm also look for an expensive 
i need to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for 
yes 
book 4 star one. for 5 people, 3 nights, 
book 4 star one. for 
book 4 star one. for 5 people, 
book 
hi, i need to take a train on 
hi, i need to take a train on sunday that leaves after 
i'm departing from 
i'm departing from cambridge and need to go to 
yes, that will work. please reserve 
i'm also looking for information on the 
could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for a hotel in the 
yes. i need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving 
yes. i need to make a reservation there for 
yes, i am also looking for places to go in town specifically a 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
is 
is bloomsbury restaurant in the 
i need to find a 
i need to find a 4 star 
i would like to be in the 
are there any 
i'm looking for a 4-star place that's 
i'm looking for a 
the 
hi! do you have any indian food on the 
hi! do you have any 
no, i do not, any place will do. i'd like to find a table for three at 12:45 on 
no, i do not, any place will do. i'd like to find a table for three at 
ok, how about 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
can i have the 
i need to go to kings lynn on 
i need to go to 
i need a 
no need to book it, but i would like to find a gastropub restaurant in the 
no need to book it, but i would like to find a 
yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 11:15 on 
yes please, could you book a table for 
yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 
yes, i need a train departing from 
i'm leaving from kings lynn on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after 
no. the train should leave on 
yes please. i need 
i also need a 
can you get me a table for 
can you get me a table for 7? my group will probably head there at 
i'm looking for a train going to 
i want to leave from london liverpool street on 
i want to leave from 
i would like to arrive by 
alright, thanks. i'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is 
does the 
i want to eat fine 
i like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city 
i like 
sounds great. please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on 
sounds great. please book a table for 
sounds great. please book a table for 3 at 
hi i'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially museums on the 
hi i'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially 
that sounds nice. also, can you give me information about the 
i actually need a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights on 
i actually need a reservation for 
i actually need a reservation for 1 person for 
i've heard about a hotel called 
thank you. i would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from 
thank you. i would like to book for 
thank you. i would like to book for 7 people for 
thank you. i would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from monday at the 
i am also looking for a nightclub in the 
i am also looking for a 
i also need a taxi to get between the two places. i want to leave by 
hello, i am looking for a four star hotel on the 
actually, could you double check whether the 
yes, please do. i'll be arriving thursday. they'll be 6 of us, and we'd like to stay for 
yes, i'd like to find a japanese place in the 
yes, i'd like to find a 
yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 4 people at 
can you help me find some cheap 
can you help me find some 
yes, the 
thank you. could you also give me information about an attraction called 
i looking for a restaurant in 
i'm looking for a moderately priced european restaurant located near the 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
i'm looking for a 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on saturday. i need to go to kings lynn from 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on saturday. i need to go to 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 
i'm looking for a 
cool. can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
cool. can you help me to book a room there for 
cool. can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 
i'm also looking for a cinema in the 
i'm also looking for a 
do you see any 
that sounds great. can i also have a taxi leaving at 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
can you also find 
looking for a restaurant in the 
looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves 
will you look for indian food in the 
will you look for 
perfect! i would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on 
perfect! i would like a table for 
perfect! i would like a table for 2 at 
would 
can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this 
can you help me find a train departing out of 
i'm going to 
i'm going to peterborough and want to leave after 
book the first one for 
oh i almost forgot can you help me find a 
oh i almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star 
yes, i would consider a star rating of 
yes please! i want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting 
yes please! i want to book it for 
yes please! i want to book it for 8 people for 
yes please! i want to book it for 8 people for 
i'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant serving 
how about a 
i'm going from the cinema to the restaurant. i want to leave the cinema by 
i am looking for a moderate restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, i would love to have some 
how about 
yes, i'm looking for a 
can you help me find a train going to 
can you help me find a train going to peterborough that leaves after 
i am leaving from cambridge on 
i am leaving from 
i actually need 
i am also looking for the hotel 
hello, i'm looking for attractions in the 
i'm also need a restaurant that serves 
i'd like it to be an expensive place in the 
i'd like it to be an 
yes, there will be 8 of us on 
yes, there will be 
yes, there will be 8 of us on thursday at 
i'm looking for the 
i'm also looking for a restaurant called 
book a table for 3 people at 15:30 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 3 people at 
i want some 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant in the centre and serves 
i am looking for a 
does it have 
could i book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting 
could i book it for 
could i book it for 1 person for 
could i book it for 1 person for 
could we try 
oh sorry i still want to look for a train from cambridge to kings lynn which leaves at 21:15 
oh sorry i still want to look for a train from 
oh sorry i still want to look for a train from cambridge to 
oh sorry i still want to look for a train from cambridge to kings lynn which leaves at 
i'm looking for a place to stay that's 
i would prefer something in the 
it doesn't matter with internet. i need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on 
it doesn't matter with internet. i need to book for 
it doesn't matter with internet. i need to book for 6 people, 
yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 6 people and 
ok, thank you. will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the nirala on 
ok, thank you. will you please reserve me a table for 
ok, thank you. will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 
ok, thank you. will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the 
can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves 
can you help me find a restaurant with a 
sure. i'd like a table for 2 at antolia on 
sure. i'd like a table for 
sure. i'd like a table for 2 at antolia on thursday at 
sure. i'd like a table for 2 at 
i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called 
i would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 15:00 on 
i would like to book a table at this restaurant for 
i would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 
yes, i am also looking for a hotel. i think it is called the 
i need to find a cheap restaurant on the 
i need to find a 
does either have availability for a table for 5 people on 
does either have availability for a table for 
does either have availability for a table for 5 people on wednesday at 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a 
how about a 
i need a place to eat that serves 
that works. then i'd to book for seven people at 11:00 on 
that works. then i'd to book for seven people at 
could you try the same requirement for 
i also need a train to london kings cross, on 
i also need a train to 
as long as it is departing from cambridge and arriving before 
as long as it is departing from cambridge and arriving before 14:00, i am good with that train. i am needing to book for 
as long as it is departing from 
i need help finding a train departing from 
i need help finding a train departing from cambridge and going to 
i would like to go on 
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to leicester and it needs to arrive by 
oh, i need to change the day to 
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to 
yes please book it for 
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star 
that would be great, thanks. we'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from 
that would be great, thanks. we'll have 
that would be great, thanks. we'll have 7 people staying 
i need a place to stay. something 
does the 
i need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting 
i need it for 
i need it for 
yes please. i need a restaurant in the 
yes please. i need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves 
can we try for one that serves 
yes, book a table for 
yes, book a table for 3 at 
i'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the 
i'm looking for an 
yes can you give me information on 
yes please, i'll be arriving on 
yes please, i'll be arriving on saturday with my lady friend and staying 
yes please, i'll be arriving on saturday with my lady friend and staying 
no, thank you! i am looking for a train that departs on 
i want to leave from cambridge traveling to norwich, arriving by 
i want to leave from 
i want to leave from cambridge traveling to 
yes i am looking for a particular restaurant called 
i need a place to go which is the type of a 
yes, i need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse in the 
yes, i need to book accommodation. can you recommend a 
i would like it to be 
are there any in the 
sounds great, can you book it on 
sounds great, can you book it on sunday for 
sounds great, can you book it on sunday for 
i want to leave the college by 
yes, i need to take a train from kings lynn on 
yes, i need to take a train from 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
thanks. i'm also looking for 
thank you! will you please book a table for 
thank you! will you please book a table for 4 people at 
i want to stay on the 
i want to stay on the south side of town in a 
i want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star 
i want to book it for 4 nights on a 
i want to book it for 4 nights on a thursday for 
i want to book it for 
i'd like an indian restaurant in the expensive range in the 
i'd like an 
i'd like an indian restaurant in the 
yes, please. it'll be for the same seven people at 
any part but should have free parking and 
any part but should have free parking and moderately priced. should also be a star of 
it doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! i'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 4 stars, and in the 
it doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! i'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 
yes, i'd like to find something to do in the 
i'm specifically looking for a 
that's fine. i need it for 2 nights starting from 
that's fine. i need it for 
i would like to find a 
are any of the options guesthouses with 
are any of the options 
can you book that one for 4 nights starting on 
can you book that one for 
can you book that one for 
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on sunday. i need to arrive at or just before 
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on 
thanks! i also need a train from 
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to 
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 
i will need to leave by 
great, that will work for me. i need 
i want to find a cheap 
i want to find a 
okay, pick one for me please. it should be in the 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 1 on 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 1 on sunday at 
i am looking for information on the 
hi, i need a 
what is the price range for this 
hi. could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves 
hi. could you help me find an 
how about something in the 
the 
oh okay. i must have been mistaken. let's try something that has italian, is expensive and in the 
oh okay. i must have been mistaken. let's try something that has 
oh okay. i must have been mistaken. let's try something that has italian, is 
sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on 
sounds good, lets book it for 
sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at 
i'd like to dine at a restaurant in the 
i need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the 
i need a find restaurant in the 
yes, we would like a reservation for 
for 
for 3 people, at 
i'm looking for information on 
i want to book worth house for 3 people for 4 nights starting on 
i want to book worth house for 
i'd like it to go from the 
i'd like it to go from the worth house to the 
i am looking for a hotel to stay at in cambridge. can you recommend a place on the 
i am looking for a 
could you please provide me the phone number of the 
i am also looking for a train on 
from 
from cambridge to 
i need to leave after 
i would like to visit a college in the 
i would like to visit a 
yes, i am looking for a restaurant someone recommended. it's called 
can you help me find a british restaurant in the 
can you help me find a 
anything is fine. i need a reservation for 2 at 11:15 on 
anything is fine. i need a reservation for 
anything is fine. i need a reservation for 2 at 
can you please give me some information about 
i would like to visit something like a 
yes i need to find a guesthouse, prefer with a 
yes i need to find a 
sorry, i should mention that i'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. would the 
sorry, i should mention that i'm looking for a hotel with a 
yes. please book a stay for 7 people. we need to stay 3 nights, starting on 
yes. please book a stay for 
yes. please book a stay for 7 people. we need to stay 
can i try to book for 
could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant 
no thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 15:15 on 
no thank you but can you book me a table for 
no thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 
on second thought, i do want to book a taxi to 
i want a restaurant in the 
i want a restaurant that is 
i am looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the centre in the 
im sorry. the area and price range do not matter. i need a 
im sorry. the area and price range do not matter. i need a 3 star 
i'm sorry, i would actually like a restaurant in the 
i'm sorry, i would actually like a restaurant in the centre that serves 
how about a 
a 
may i have the address for the 
yes, can you please book a table for four at 
yes, can you please book a table for four at 
can you book me for 
great, i am also looking for a train from 
great, i am also looking for a train from stevenage into 
do you have a train that leaves after 
im looking for a 
i am looking for one with a 
i am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the 
i definitely want the four star in a 
no, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning 
no, just whichever one can accommodate 
no, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 
find me train times from 
find me train times from cambridge to 
wednesday, please. any time after 
thank you. please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the 
thank you. please also find me a 
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 
i need a 
i also need a train on 
i also need a train on saturday that departs from 
i'm heading to leicester. i need to get there by 
i'm heading to 
if i could get the train that arrives closest to 
hi, i'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city 
hi, i'm looking for 
yes. i would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on 
yes. i would like to book a reservation for 
yes. i would like to book a reservation for 3 at 
hi, i am interested in finding a place to dine on the 
i'd like it to be expensive 
i'd like it to be 
yes, a table for 8 people on 
yes, a table for 
yes, a table for 8 people on saturday at 
thanks! i'm also looking to visit a 
i do not care about what type of 
i am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking to book an 
how about some 
yes please. can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on 
yes please. can reserve for 
yes please. can reserve for 6 people at 
could we try for 
alright, awesome! could you also try to find a specific college i'm looking for? it's called 
can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 
i want to make sure that it will be arriving by 
i'm going to ely from cambridge on 
i'm going to ely from 
i'm going to 
i would like to arrive by 
give me the arrival time and train id of the earlier train. also find me a cheap restaurant that serves 
give me the arrival time and train id of the earlier train. also find me a cheap restaurant that serves north american food if available or 
give me the arrival time and train id of the earlier train. also find me a 
yes, any you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for the same day, at 
yes, any you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for the same day, at 
no,i am actually looking for information about trains going from cambridge to norwich on 
no,i am actually looking for information about trains going from 
no,i am actually looking for information about trains going from cambridge to 
arrive by 
yes, please book 
great i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i would lkle to stay in the 
could you try a 
i need a cheap guesthouse in the 
i need a 
i need a cheap 
i'd like some information on places to go in town. i'd like to go to a 
i don't really have a preference. are there any art 
it should be in the 
it should be in the expensive price range. free parking and should have a star of 
i'm looking for some 
ok, let's try to find an 
i need a 
yes i need a reservation for 6 people at 17:30 on a 
yes i need a reservation for 
yes i need a reservation for 6 people at 
i am also looking for a train i'd like the train to arrive by 14:15 and to be here on 
i need to depart leicaster and arrive in cambridge 14:15 on 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i would like 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the 
no. i need something in the 
yes, please book for 6 people at 11:00 on 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 6 people at 
hi. i'm looking for something to do. are there any entertainment attractions in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a nice 
okay, i will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from 
okay, i will need to book for 
okay, i will need to book for 8 people for 
oh, sorry! i would like to leave the museum by 
i need to book a train for 18:45 that leaves 
i need to book a train for 
i will be traveling on 
actually, i wasn't very clear before. i apologize. i need to arrive in cambridge by 
actually, i wasn't very clear before. i apologize. i need to arrive in 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to dine. should be in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to dine. should be in the west and preferably in the 
yes, could you see if there is one that serves 
my friends told me to look into a restaurant called 
not at the moment, but i need some info on 
i'm looking for the 
yes for one guest, for nights starting with 
no sorry i meant 
yes, i'm looking for a museum near the 
yes, i'm looking for a 
i'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for something to do tonight. maybe the 
can you give me any one in the 
that is great can you also find me a hotel with a 
three, nights and three people, from 
i need to leave the hotel by 
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
is there anything else in the expensive range in the 
is there anything else in the 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves high 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves high chinese food and is more 
that sounds fine, can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on 
that sounds fine, can you book a table for 
that sounds fine, can you book a table for 3 at 
yes, i am looking for places to visit on the 
what is 
hi, i'd like to find a cheap 
hi, i'd like to find a 
i prefer the 
yes, please make one for 7 people at 17:45 on 
yes, please make one for 
yes, please make one for 7 people at 
sounds good. could you also help me find a 
darn! i really wanted to go to the cinema. is there a 
i am looking a restaurant in the 
i am looking a restaurant in the centre cambridge area that serve 
that would be great. can you make if for a party of 6 on 
that would be great. can you make if for a party of 
that would be great. can you make if for a party of 6 on tuesday at 
i can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. 
i also need a place to stay, moderately price, 
i also need a place to stay, 
oh yessiree, 
oh yessiree, tuesday 
can you book for 
i want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with 
i want the phone number to a 
it should be in the 
it should be in the east area and serve 
i would like something 
how about a restaurant that serves 
i really wanted 
yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 3 people at 
thanks. can you also find lodging for me? i am looking for a 
can i get a taxi from university arms hotel to curry prince by 
can i get a taxi from 
can i get a taxi from university arms hotel to 
i'm looking for a 
can you give me the address to the one in the 
yes, do you have information on the 
what is the address of the 
can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? i would like to leave the theatre by 
can you help me find a place to stay? i want somewhere in the 
cheap, please. i want to save some money. but i also want it to be a 
i would also like some cheap 
i would also like some 
ok. could you find another restaurant that serves 
ok. could you find another restaurant that serves italian food that is in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be in a 
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 
internet is not necessary. but can you see if there is one in the 
internet is not necessary. but can you see if there is one in the west part of town and i would prefer a 
yes, i need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, i need a booking for 
yes, i need a booking for 8 people for 
what trains leave 
what trains leave london liverpool street and go to 
yes, sometime after 
i'll go with the 
i think i forgot to add that i will need the booking for 
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate italian restaurant in the 
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on 
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate italian restaurant in the east for 
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate 
yes i think that would be good. is that available at 4:
i am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on 
i am looking for 
i am looking for 3 people, at 
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
how about a restaurant that serves 
a 
yes.its name is 
yes, for 
yes, for 6 people for 
how about for 
i would like to go to a college in the 
i would like to go to a 
actually, i was hoping you could help me. i am looking for colleges to visit in the 
actually, i was hoping you could help me. i am looking for 
i need somewhere to stay in the 
i need somewhere to stay in the north. with free parking and 
as long as it has 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the 
the 
yes, please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 7 people at 
help me find something fun to do in the 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves seafood. i'd like it to be in the 
yes please book that for 4 people at 20:00 on 
yes please book that for 
yes please book that for 4 people at 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the 
let's try the one in the 
let's try the one in the south. are there openings on 
it will be at 15:30 on 
it will be at 15:30 on tuesday and there will be 
it will be at 
how about 1
how about 
hi i would like to find a place to stay that has a 
can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? i need a 
can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? i need a 4-star 
book it for 
book it for 4 people staying for 
book it for 
also on 
also on monday i am looking for a train destined for cambridge. i need to depart at 
so is there any train on 
are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on 
are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on monday leaving at 
is there anywhere that serves 
i'd like something downtown and 
any area is fine, really. it should be 
i'm looking to have some european food tonight for dinner. something very traditional in the 
i'm looking to have some 
please provide postcode and address for 
the location and price range don't matter to me. i want a guesthouse with 
the location and price range don't matter to me. i want a 
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting 
book for 
book for 1 people for 
thank you. i'd also like to find a cinema in the 
thank you. i'd also like to find a 
let's try for a museum in the 
let's try for a 
i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i am leaving 
i am leaving tuesday and need to take a train from 
i am leaving tuesday and need to take a train from cambridge to 
i need the train to arrive by 
i don't know where i am staying. i'm looking for a 
i would like the 
if you can't find a guesthouse, could you look for a 
i would prefer the 
please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 3 people and 
i actually need a train leaving kings lynn on 
i actually need a train leaving 
i want to leave on wednesday after 09:30. i need seats for 
i want to leave on 
i want to leave on wednesday after 
we need to go to 
yes, we love 
yes, we love korean food and want to try the 
sure, please book that for 6 people at 17:30 on 
sure, please book that for 
sure, please book that for 6 people at 
could you try 
could you try 
could you try monday @ 
hi i'm excited to try an international restaurant in the 
hi i'm excited to try an 
the varsity restaurant sounds good. could you book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on 
the varsity restaurant sounds good. could you book a table for 
the varsity restaurant sounds good. could you book a table for 7 people at 
thanks! i also need a train from 
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to 
i will be traveling on 
i need that leaves after 
hi! i need a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for info about riveboat 
i'm looking for info about rive
actually, can you help me find a restaurant? an expensive one in the 
actually, can you help me find a restaurant? an 
no that doesn't sound good, i need one that serves 
can you search for one that has 
i will take graffiti. can you make a reservation for 
i will take graffiti. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 
i will take graffiti. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 8 people at 
i will take 
i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that is 
how about 
hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called 
yes i'd like some info on a place to eat in the 
i'd like an expensive 
i'd like an 
how about one that serves 
is it 
that sounds good. can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on 
that sounds good. can you book it for 
that sounds good. can you book it for 4 at 
i need a taxi to take me to the hotel from 
never mind. i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. it must be in the 
never mind. i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. it must be in the north and 
never mind. i'm looking for a 
yes i am looking for information on the 
i need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the restaurant at 
hi, can you help me find a 
hi, can you help me find a cheap 
i would like a 
i would like a cheap 4 star 
there area does not matter, but i prefer a four star 
please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
please for 
please for 7 people for 
yes i also need a train. i'm planning to travel from cambridge to stevenage on 
yes i also need a train. i'm planning to travel from 
yes i also need a train. i'm planning to travel from cambridge to 
i would like to arrive by 
9:2
i need information about trains leaving from 
i need information about trains leaving from cambridge and going to 
i will be traveling on 
i need one that leaves after 
i need to find a 
it should include free parking. the hotel should have a star of 
it should include free parking. the 
i'm not picky, it just needs to have 
i don't have a preference just 
the ashley hotel sounds good. i need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting 
the ashley hotel sounds good. i need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 
the 
the ashley 
no i'd like you to book the ashley hotel for 5 nights starting on 
no i'd like you to book the ashley hotel for 
no i'd like you to book the 
no i'd like you to book the ashley 
yes, can you find me a restaurant for 
i'm interested in 
oh, never mind the restaurant. i'll book it myself. did i say 5 people at the hotel? i'm sorry, i meant 
oh, never mind the restaurant. i'll book it myself. did i say 
oh, never mind the restaurant. i'll book it myself. did i say 5 people at the hotel? i'm sorry, i meant 
oh, never mind the restaurant. i'll book it myself. did i say 5 people at the 
i am coming to cambridge and would like some type of 
that sounds great, but come to think of it i should try something close to our hotel in the 
could i have the address and phone number of the 
can you find me some information on 
i am coming in on 
i am coming in on friday. i want to stay for 3 nights with 
i am coming in on friday. i want to stay for 
i am planning a trip in cambridge and needs a train that will depart from cambridge on 
i am planning a trip in 
i'm trying to get to 
i need to arrive in peterborough by 
i need to arrive in 
great i also need a place to stay with free wifi in the 
hi, i need a train from stansted airport that arrives by 
hi, i need a train from 
yes i will traveling to cambridge and want to arrive by 
yes i will traveling to 
i also need a place to stay. i need a hotel that is 4 star and of 
i also need a place to stay. i need a hotel that is 
i would like a hotel to the 
i would like a hotel to the north that is a 
can you reserve us some rooms? we're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 3 nights, starting 
can you reserve us some rooms? we're a party of 
can you reserve us some rooms? we're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 
hi, i would like a restaurant inthe 
hi, i would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves 
how about a restaurant that services 
yes, sounds good. please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on 
yes, sounds good. please reserve a table for six at 
is 11:15 on 
is 
i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 4 star 
okay. do you have anything matching that description in the 
can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
can you suggest one and make me a booking for 
can you suggest one and make me a booking for 
i'm actually looking for a place that's considered an 
how about a 
i want to leave from the college by 
i need a place to stay in the 
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse and i would like the place to have a 
i'm looking to stay in a 
i don't think so. how about one with a 
awesome, thanks. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on 
awesome, thanks. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday after 
i am departing from standsted airport and would like to go to 
i'm looking for a train out of 
i am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 
i am going to 
i would like that to be for wednesday and i will need tickets for 
i would like that to be for 
yes please, for 3 people. i also need to know if the restaurant 
can you book the la mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on 
can you book the la mimosa for the same group of 
can you book the la mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 
can you book the 
while in cambridge i need to find a restaurant called the 
yes please, i need a table for 6 on 
yes please, i need a table for 
yes please, i need a table for 6 on sunday at 
i'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the 
i'm also looking for a 
i'm also looking for a moderately priced 
is there any moderately priced hotels in the city 
is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? i need a hotel for the same group of people for 
is there any 
could you try to book us there for 
the lovell lodge sounds nice. please try for 
the 
oh sure, it's for 5 nights starting 
oh sure, it's for 5 nights starting sunday for 
can you try booking for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like 
yes, i want to book a table for 
hi. can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ? i'd like it to be on the 
hi. can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from 
can you help me find some 
i need to get to cambridge on 
i need to get to cambridge on sunday. can you find me a train from 
i need to get to 
i need to leave after 
yes. please book that for 
if there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 
if there is no such 
i really would prefer a 4 star hotel. can you please look again on the 
i really would prefer a 
i really would prefer a 4 star 
ok, can you book for same group of people 
ok, can you book for same group of people 
i am looking for a good hotel in 
does it have a 
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 
i would also like more info about 
yes, i want a reservation for 
yes, i want a reservation for thursday at 19:30 and 
yes, i want a reservation for thursday at 
i need a train leaving 
i need a train leaving cambridge after 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on saturday and go to 
yes, can you book me a ticket for 
wonderful. can you tell me if 
i'm looking for a decently priced 
how about a 
how about a moderately priced, 
how about a moderately priced, 4 star 
yes please. i need it for 3 nights starting on 
yes please. i need it for 3 nights starting on wednesday. there will be 
yes please. i need it for 
i'm looking for an attraction called 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant with 
i am looking for a 
i would like to find a certain restaurant called the 
great. can you make me a reservation for 5 people at 14:30 on 
great. can you make me a reservation for 
great. can you make me a reservation for 5 people at 
well i would like it to be 
well i would like it to be moderately priced, 
surely there's got to be a 
surely there's got to be a moderately priced 
it doesn't matter just book a room for 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves malaysian food and is in the 
how about 
i want to find a place to stay in the 
lets go with the worth house please. can i get it for 5 nights starting 
lets go with the worth house please. can i get it for 5 nights starting monday for 
lets go with the worth house please. can i get it for 
lets go with the 
i need a train that departs from 
i need a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at 
i want to leave on saturday and should arrive by 
i want to leave on 
yes, i'll also need a place to stay in the 
yes, i'll also need a place to stay in the south and would prefer a 
yes, please. i would like to book for two nights and two people starting 
how about for just two nights 
how about for just two nights 4 people at 
i would like to try for 2 nights since there is no space and i want it for 
i would like to try for 
let's try a different guesthouse in the 
let's try a different 
can you book one for 4 people for 4 nights starting 
can you book one for 
can you book one for 
yes, can you try 
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
great. please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
great. please book it for 
great. please book it for 
thanks. i'm also interested in going to the 
for 5 people on 
for 
it will be for 
i need a hotel with wifi in the 
i need a 
i am open as far as price range, but i would love a 
no, the hotel needs to have a 
no, the 
no i need the 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant. i would prefer an expensive restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant. i would prefer an 
is there a 
i am looking for some rest as a traveler so i choose travellers rest. there will be four of us for 
i am looking for some rest as a traveler so i choose travellers rest. there will be four of us for saturday at 
i am looking for some rest as a traveler so i choose 
can you try for 
i would also like to find a 
is there a college on the 
is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant 
i would like to be picked up at 
i'm visiting the area and want to stay at 
yes. i would like to visit a 
i also need a taxi that will take me there. i want to leave the hotel by 
does cambridge have any expensive 
does cambridge have any 
i like 
i like british also. are there any british restaurants that are 
that doesn't matter. which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on 
that doesn't matter. which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 
that doesn't matter. which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 
i also need an 
can you please check the 
yes, i want to stay there for 2 nights starting 
yes, i want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. it'll be just 
yes, i need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 
yes, i need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to 
i need a hotel in the 
yes that will be fine. book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on 
yes that will be fine. book the room for 
yes that will be fine. book the room for 8 and for 
okay sure. try a
i am looking for the 
no, i think i would like to book it for myself for 
on 
i am looking for a hotel called 
excellent. i would like to book a stay for 
excellent. i would like to book a stay for 2 people for 
i would like my stay to begin on 
i am also looking for a train from 
i am also looking for a train from cambridge to 
i need to leave after 17:45 on 
i need to leave after 17:4
i'm looking for a 
i will be staying in the 
could you look for something in the 
if it's in the 
if it's in the west, i want it to be a 
if it's in the west, i want it to be a 0 star 
can you check for ones in the 
i would like a 
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel 
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel 
the 
i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by 
i need a train leaving from from 
i want to leave to arrive by 
i want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on 
i want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on tuesday and 
yes but i also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's 
yes but i also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves 
i don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city 
i don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. you can surprise me. i'll need a table for 
that sounds fine. i would like it booked for 17:45 for 
that sounds fine. i would like it booked for 
i'd like it on 
could you try 
i need to find an 
i am so sorry, i would rather have 
i am so sorry, i would rather have gastropub food, 
location is not a problem. please book me a table for 2 at 1645, 
location is not a problem. please book me a table for 
location is not a problem. please book me a table for 2 at 
i would also like to visit a college in the 
i would also like to visit a 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an australian place to dine in. i need it to be 
are there any that have 
could you book me a table for 4 on 
could you book me a table for 
could you book me a table for 4 on friday at 
i need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 
i need a train on 
i need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from 
i need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from leicester to 
yes, can you please book me for 
thanks, i need to find a danish restaurant in the 
thanks, i need to find a 
how about 
hello! i'm lookng for someplace to go in the 
i would like to visit a 
well i also will be needing somewhere to stay. is there a museum located close to a 
first let's work out what attraction i'll choose. can you pick me your favorite in the 
can you recommend me a 
something 
yes, please. i need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on 
i'm looking for a 
i'm not too concerned with location, but i would like it to include internet and have a 
yes, please. i'd like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes, please. i'd like to book it for 
yes, please. i'd like to book it for 6 people and 
yes, how about 
i need place to stay in cambridge. want it 
i need place to stay in cambridge. want it cheap with 
i need one in the 
no, if you could get me the postcode for 
cool. do you happen to know anything about the 
i want to visit some 
i would like it to be in the 
how about just try looking for any cinemas in the 
how about just try looking for any 
thanks, i need some info in 
the hotel at 
i need your help in finding a particular restaurant. i don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately i don't even know the food served. i do know the name: 
that's it. i want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on 
that's it. i want to book a table for 
that's it. i want to book a table for 4 people at 
i am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. i am on a bit of a budget so i need something 
i need one in the 
i'm needing a place to eat on the 
yes 
yes, please. i'll be there on 
yes, please. i'll be there on tuesday with a party of 
yes, please. i'll be there on tuesday with a party of 4. is there space at 
yes, is the 
yes for 
yes for 4 people staying 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should serve 
yes, please. i would like a reservation for 2 at 19:00 on 
yes, please. i would like a reservation for 
yes, please. i would like a reservation for 2 at 
gosh, i'm so sorry! i don't want the reservation for the evening, i want thai food for lunch. do you have a table for 2 at 12:30 on 
gosh, i'm so sorry! i don't want the reservation for the evening, i want thai food for lunch. do you have a table for 
gosh, i'm so sorry! i don't want the reservation for the evening, i want thai food for lunch. do you have a table for 2 at 
gosh, i'm so sorry! i don't want the reservation for the evening, i want 
thanks! could you help me find a swimmingpool please that is also in the 
can you try an 
i would like to go to the 
i would like to go to a college. do you have any colleges in the 
i would like to go to a 
i am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am also trying to find an 
that sounds great! please book it for thurdsday, at 14:45, and for 
that sounds great! please book it for thurdsday, at 
okay. well, how about 1
okay. well, how about 
before you go--i'm a bit confused. is the taxi picking me up at the college? at what time? i need to make my reservation at 
i am looking for a multiple sports location in the 
i am looking for a 
hmm, okay. well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town 
hmm, okay. well, maybe we should take a look at a local 
is gonville hotel in the town 
is 
does the hotel have a star rating of 
i need a hotel located near the 
i need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. for 3 people, 2 nights starting 
i need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. for 
i need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. for 3 people, 
i need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 
i would like the taxi to leave 
i would like the taxi to leave christ's college by 01:30 and take me to the 
i would like the taxi to leave christ's college by 
could you recommend a nice 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
hello, i need a train to london kings cross 
hello, i need a train to 
i'm leaving from cambridge on 
i'm leaving from 
im also looking for a restaurant by the name of 
hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the 
hello, can you recommend a 
hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 
arriving on 
alright, are there any moderately priced 
okay, let's try 
ok. i would like to book a table for 8 for 
ok. i would like to book a table for 
ok. i would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at 
i need to find a place to go in the 
can you tell me about a couple 
what is the entrance fee for 
no i would like to find 
is that located in the 
let's see...restaurant, 
i need a train to 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from stevenage and i'll need to leave sometime after 
i'm working at leave on 
i'm working at leave on wednesday after 
that would be great. i am also looking for a hotel. i would like to stay in the 
that would be great. i am also looking for a hotel. i would like to stay in the east side of town, and i do 
no, i need a 
the guesthouse will be ok, as long as it's rating is a star of 
the 
can i book 4 nights for 6 people on that same 
can i book 4 nights for 
can i book 
can i book 
i am looking for a attraction called 
yes, find me a 
i am interested in 
there are a couple 
please reserve the restaurant for 
please reserve the restaurant for saturday at 16:
please reserve the restaurant for saturday at 
i need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant. please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at 
is there an expensive restaurant any where in the 
is there an 
hi. i am trying to find some information on a restaurant called 
great can you book a table for one person at 12:00 on 
great can you book a table for one person at 
great can you book a table for one person at 
sure, let's try for 
sure, let's try for 
i need a place to stay. a 
no not necessarily. i would like place 
6 people for 5 nights starting 
6 people for 
yes, please find lodging in the same 
yes, please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a 
is it in the 
is it in the north and in the 
yes that sounds fine. i'd like a room for next 
i would like to book it for 
yes, 
i need a train for thursday please. get me one that arrives by 
i need a train for 
i'll be heading to cambridge. leaving from 
i'll be heading to 
thank you! also, can you recommend a moderately-priced 
thank you! also, can you recommend a 
ok, try the 
sure! i'll need a booking for 5 at 18:45 on 
sure! i'll need a booking for 
sure! i'll need a booking for 5 at 
hi there! i'm searching for a relatively cheap 
hi there! i'm searching for a relatively 
no, i would like a place that's in the 
can you help me find a train out of 
i would like to depart on 
actually, i need to leave from cambridge 
actually, i need to leave from 
actually, i need to leave from cambridge saturday after 09:45 and go to 
actually, i need to leave from cambridge saturday after 
can you tell me a little bit about the 
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the 
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any 
i will take a 
yes, i would need 5 people for 5 nights starting 
yes, i would need 
yes, i would need 
i am also looking for a train to cambridge from stansted airport on 
are there any 
i'd like information of 
i'd like information of cambridge 
i am also looking for a place to dine in the 
i'm thinking british food. oh, and if it's in the 
i'm thinking 
sounds great! i want to book a table for 7 people at 18:30 on 
sounds great! i want to book a table for 
sounds great! i want to book a table for 7 people at 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
are there any 
i prefer something in the 
i prefer something in the north. and a 
please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 1 people for 
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
let's try the 
i was hoping to book lodging in the 
yes, beginning on 
yes, beginning on monday, for 
i also need a train going to stevenage the train needs to arrive by 
i also need a train going to 
friday, going to cambridge. 
friday, going to 
can you tell me the location of an indian restaurant in the 
can you tell me the location of an 
in the 
the gandhi sounds good. can you book that for 
i would like the reservation at 14:00 on 
i would like the reservation at 
yes. i need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on 
yes. i need to find a train from 
yes. i need to find a train from cambridge to 
i just need it to leave after 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
it should be in the 
okay, it needs to be 
how about a 
ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 3 nights starting 
ok, can we book that for 
ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 
ok, can we book that for 
do you happen to have any entertainment places in the 
any type will do, as long as its in the 
yes, sorry for the confusion. i want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 05:00 and my destination is 
yes, sorry for the confusion. i want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 
i am looking for a 
i want to leave the hotel by 
thanks. i also need to find a 
hmmm...
how about italian, book a table for 5 at 11:30 on 
how about italian, book a table for 
how about italian, book a table for 5 at 
how about 
i need a train to 
i'd like to leave cambridge on 
i'd like to leave 
i need you to check again. train from 
i need you to check again. train from ely to 
thanks! i'm also looking for someplace to eat in the center of town. something in the 
yes, there will be 4 of us on 
yes, there will be 
yes, there will be 4 of us on wednesday at 
i need a 
should be in the 
i need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the 
i need the name and phone number for a 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the 
is there one with 
ok, tell me whats available in 
i need help finding a place to eat called 
yes can i make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on 
yes can i make a reservation for 
yes can i make a reservation for 1 people at 
what fancy restaurants are there on the 
do any of them serve 
do you have information about attractions in the 
i don't care as long as it is in the 
what attraction type is that? i am also interested in finding a restaurant in the 
i would love 
i would love indian food, preferable in the 
yes reserve a table for 1 at 19:30 on 
yes reserve a table for 
yes reserve a table for 1 at 
i am interested in 
i am interested in indian food in an 
sounds great! can i get a table for 4 on 
sounds great! can i get a table for 
we would like to dine at 1
we would like to dine at 
i also want a train on 
i also want a train on sunday and should go to 
i'd like to leave after 
i need to book a train to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on sunday and departing from 
i don't have a leave time but i want to arrive by 
any area but ut has have free parking and a 
how about a 
that sounds great. can you help me book it for 
how about on 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 7 people for 
can you please try to book for 
can you try for 
is there a different 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
i'd like a reservation for 7 people 
i'd like a reservation for 
i'd like a reservation for 7 people monday at 
i want 
i want crossover food at an 
is there something else in the 
actually, i'd prefer a 
please book for 1 person, 
please book for 
please book for 1 person, sunday at 
how about 
how about sunday at 
how about sunday at 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
yes, i would prefer the 
i am looking for one with a 
we will be there 
we will be there wednesday, for 4 nights. i need a reservation for 
we will be there wednesday, for 
i need the address of the 
i don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but i am looking for a place that's a 
there will be 
i'll book the hotel myself, but i would like a restaurant reservation. someplace 
not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the 
not really, but a 
that's fine. could you book a table for 8 people at 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for a guesthouse in the 
i am looking for a 
hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? ok, well how about an expensive 
yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting 
yes, can you book for 
yes, can you book for 1 person, 
thank you. you certainly can help. i need to leave 
thank you. you certainly can help. i need to leave kings lynn to go to go to 
yes the same day, i'd like to arrive by 
please do. just for 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i want a restaurant that serves 
how about 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves on 
i'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday and goes to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 18:00 and depart from 
no, just as close to 
any area in cambridge is fine, but i want the hotel to have a 
something 
yes, that would be great. for 4 nights on 
yes, that would be great. for 4 nights on tuesday for 
yes, that would be great. for 
hello, can you tell me about some asian oriental restaurants in the 
hello, can you tell me about some 
sure, for 5 people at 13:45 on 
sure, for 
sure, for 5 people at 
i need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same 
i would like a 
i would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. it also needs to have 
i would like a moderate priced 
i am pretty indecisive so none. can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on 
i am pretty indecisive so none. can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 
i am pretty indecisive so none. can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 
i am pretty indecisive so none. can you pick a 
the name of the restaurant is 
thursday please, for 
thursday please, for 3 people at 
great i also need to find a place to stay with a star rating of 
i don't understand. i'm looking for a 5-star hotel. in the 
i don't understand. i'm looking for a 
sorry, i'm looking for a 
can you check for 
hello, are there any attractions on the 
what is the entrance fee for the 
no, but are there any cheap 
no, but are there any 
i would like a restaurant in the 
how about one that serves 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
yes please, can i get a table for 6 at 13:45 on 
yes please, can i get a table for 
yes please, can i get a table for 6 at 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from ely to 
yes, leaving on 
yes, leaving on sunday at 
i'm sorry, my travel day is actually thursday, not sunday. i need to arrive by 
i'm sorry, my travel day is actually 
did you book for 5 people? is there a train that arrives closer to but before 
did you book for 
i would like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the 
i would like to find a cheap 
i would like to find a 
yes please, for 5 people at 20:15 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 5 people at 
hi, i'm looking for an upscale hotel. could you recommend me anywhere in the 
does it have a star of 
hi. i am looking for a hotel that is a 
sure, how about an 
i would like to check in on 
i would like to check in on saturday. we would need 4 nights for 
i would like to check in on saturday. we would need 
i would like to check in on saturday. we would need 
yes, can i get the phone number and address for the 
i was looking for a 
yes, the city 
thanks! i also need a train after 14:45 on 
thanks! i also need a train after 
kings lynn to 
yes that works please book for 
i need a place to stay please. a 
is it in the 
yes, please book starting 
yes, please book starting thursday for 
yes, please book starting thursday for 
yes, that would be fine, 
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
yes, are there any restaurants that serve 
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i prefer a 
hmm, not right now. i'm also looking for a train to cambridge on 
hmm, not right now. i'm also looking for a train to 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from leicester after 
please. i need a reservation for 
i need some tourist information please. i need to know about a hotel called the 
i would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from 
i would like to book a stay for 
i would like to book a stay for 3 people for 
i am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the 
i am also looking to eat somewhere 
i would like the 
yeah, book for 3 people on 
yeah, book for 
yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at 
i want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by 
i would like to go and visit 
i will be leaving from 
i will be traveling on sunday and would like to arrive by 
i will be traveling on 
yes! i also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the 
yes! i also need to find an 
yes! i also need to find an expensive 
then how about one that is in the 
i'd like to find a restaurant serving 
how about 
what's the address for 
are there any restaurants in the 
are there any restaurants in the centre that offer 
no how about trying to look for 
i would like one that is 
that sounds great. can you make a reservation for 
that sounds great. can you make a reservation for thursday for 
that sounds great. can you make a reservation for thursday for 8 guests at 
great, thanks! and yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the 
no particular price range. 
that would be fine please book that for 
i need some information on a train going to 
sometime after 12:15 on 
sometime after 
from leicester. there will be 
from 
yes, that would be great. it will be on the same day, same people, and 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
no, you don't have to do that. can you recommend a 
no, you don't have to do that. can you recommend a 5 star 
can you tell me about the 
can you tell me about the 4 star 
i am also interested in a place to dine. i would like to have 
it's a special dinner, so 
i'm looking for an 
4 
can you give me information about 
i need a 
i'd rather stay in the 
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
it's really important to me to have 
it's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. are there any 
starting 
starting sunday and for 
starting sunday and for 
for 
yes, could you book a taxi for me? i'd like to leave the 
yes, could you book a taxi for me? i'd like to leave the gonville hotel by 24:00, going to 
yes, could you book a taxi for me? i'd like to leave the gonville hotel by 
i am looking for information on a place called 
no thank you. but can you tell me if there's a restaurant called 
i'd like a reservation, please? can we make it for 
i'd like a reservation, please? can we make it for saturday at 16:00 for 
i'd like a reservation, please? can we make it for saturday at 
could you help me find a hotel on the 
is that a 
that would be great, thanks. we'll be arriving on 
6 people for 
i am looking for a cheap hotel on the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a cheap 
the allenbell sounds perfect. can you book it for me for 
the 
i would like to stay for 
my party will consist of 
i also need a train from stevanage to 
tuesday, i want to arrive at 20:1
tuesday, i want to arrive at 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel. it doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the 
yes, what are their star ratings? i'd like one with a 
the hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights, starting 
the hotel sounds good, can we book it for 
the hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 
the hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 
can you help me find a train leaving 
can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to 
i need to travel on friday and arrive by 
i need to travel on 
no, i said i need to arrive by 
no, thanks. i'm looking for info on a 
hi, i want a 
hi, i want a tuscan restaurant that's 
how about 
can you help me find an 
i have 4 people in my party. can i book a table for 17:00 on 
i have 
i have 4 people in my party. can i book a table for 
i also need places to go that are in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of 
i'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the 
i'm looking for a 
we are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning 
we are going to be staying for 
there will be 
thank you. we are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the 
thank you. we are also looking for an 
great! can i book a taxi? i need to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve 
darn. how about trying a 
yes, please. can you reserve a table on 
yes, please. can you reserve a table on friday for 
yes, please. can you reserve a table on friday for 1 person at 
actually, can i get a taxi to go from 
i am in the 
i am in the centre of town and am looking for a restaurant. ideally it would be in the 
chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on 
chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 
chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on sunday at 
i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves african food in the 
i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for something expensive. is 
yes, please. table for 2, on 
yes, please. table for 
yes, please. table for 2, on sunday at 
i'd like a restaurant in the 
i'd like a restaurant in the centre in the 
sounds good to me. please book for one, 16:30 on 
sounds good to me. please book for one, 
sounds good to me. please book for one, 
i would like to travel to cambridge on 
i would like to depart from peterborough on 
yes, on 
yes, on tuesday from 
yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after 
yes please, i need 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. the 
no. i would prefer something 
no, i really want a guesthouse. what about something in the 
no, i really want a 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for european food. this is a special dinner, so something 
book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 7 people at 
you can pick. i need reservations for 7 people on 
you can pick. i need reservations for 
you can pick. i need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 
great. i need to find a 
can you please recommend one and book it for 
the 7 of us will be arriving on 
the 
actually, i need to go from the hotel to dinner. i want to arrive at the restaurant by 
i'd like something 
hello, i would like some information on a hotel called the 
please book a room for 2 people starting on 
please book a room for 
please book a room for 2 people starting on saturday for 
thank you. i also need to find entertainment in the 
thank you. i also need to find 
okay, now i'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to 
okay, now i'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to tenpin. i want to leave at 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves 
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food. i want it to be 
i need to find a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by 
i need to find a train that departs from 
i'm traveling to 
for today, arriving by 
i am departing on 
that's perfect. could you book it for 
thank you! will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the 
thank you! will you please find me an 
no booking yet for the restaurant. i want to eat at a restaurant that serves 
yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 8 people at 
i just told you! 
how about at 
please tell me where the restaurant 
i also need a moderate priced place to stay in the 
i also need a 
great, i would like it to be a guesthouse and have 
great, i would like it to be a 
i'm interested in finding a 
i'm interested in finding a modern european restaurant for dinner with a 
no preference. can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on 
no preference. can you recommend me one and book a table for 
no preference. can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 
hi, i'm looking to see the sights. can you tell me about 
i also want a place to dine in the 
just something 
please book it for 5 people on 
please book it for 
please book it for 5 people on wednesday at 
hello, i am looking for a hotel called the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
not really, but i want free wifi and it should be 
great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
great can you book that for 
great can you book that for 7 people for 
great can you book that for 7 people for 
could you try it for 
i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
an expensive indian restaurant located in the 
an expensive 
an 
yes, i need some information about the train schedule. i want to leave on 
i'm going to 
i'm going to bishops stortford after work, after 
i'm looking for a place to go in the 
nothing particular. maybe a 
yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 15:15 on 
yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 
yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 
i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 
find me an italian place in the 
find me an 
yes. can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on 
yes. can you book a table for 
yes. can you book a table for 3 at 
im also looking for a train that arrives by 
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on 
i will depart from 
i will depart from cambridge and arrive in 
sure, can you book this for 
i will be traveling to the 
i would prefer something 
moderately priced, free parking in the 
are there any restaurants that serve 
i'd prefer something in the 
bloomsbury sounds nice. can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on 
bloomsbury sounds nice. can you book a table for 
bloomsbury sounds nice. can you book a table for 5 people at 
i am looking for a place to dine that has expensive 
i am looking for a place to dine that has 
is there one that serves 
i have no preference. i just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on 
i have no preference. i just need to book it for 
i have no preference. i just need to book it for 8 at 
yes, i'd like to find more information on 
is there any in the type of 
thanks, i also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant. i want to arrive by the booked time of 
i'm looking for a dining establishment that serves 
are there any restaurants that have 
is it in the 
yes, i would like a table for 7 on 
yes, i would like a table for 
yes, i would like a table for 7 on sunday. i want to eat at 
yes, i'm interested in visiting the 
is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from 
is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from broughton gallery to 
is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from broughton gallery to gourmet burger kitchen by 
i am looking for an 
i'm looking to visit a museum in the 
i'm looking to visit a 
a guesthouse in the 
a 
i'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by 
i'm looking for a train departing from 
cambridge, i need to leave on 
this one will do. i will need to book for 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
i am also looking for a 
i need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
i need a booking for 
i need a booking for 
hi, i'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the 
hi, i'm looking for some info on 
thank you, can you also give me info on 
very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 19:15 on 
very nice, can you book me for 
very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 
i am looking for a 
i would like to be in the 
sounds good. i need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting 
sounds good. i need a booking for 
sounds good. i need a booking for 
can you tell me the address to a 
i am looking for one on the 
i am looking for one on the east side. however i need a 
let's actually find an 
preferably in the 
sure, let's do 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
expensive restaurant in the 
not really. which is your favorite? i'll book that for 13:00 
not really. which is your favorite? i'll book that for 13:00 thursday. there will be 
not really. which is your favorite? i'll book that for 
let's try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on 
let's try to book it for 12:00 then for 
let's try to book it for 
i'm not sure. just something 
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving 
hi, i'm looking for an 
how about find me a 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i am looking for a 
expensive and in the 
can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the 
not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. i'm coming in 
not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. i'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. can you book it for me? there's 
not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. i'm coming in saturday and staying 
i also need a place to eat that serves 
sure. can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 
i need the taxi to get us from 
well it's going to be from our hotel to travelers rest restaurant by 
i need a train leaving after 11:00 on 
i need a train leaving after 
i need to go from 
i need to go from cambridge to 
yes please make a booking for 
i would prefer a guesthouse in the 
i would prefer a 
i need a 
i need a cheap 
i would like a 
howdy, i'm looking for a 
is it in the expensive price range? if so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 19:30 for 
is it in the expensive price range? if so, could you book me a table for 
is it in the expensive price range? if so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 
is it in the 
yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an 
i need a place to eat. british, expensive in the 
i need a place to eat. 
i need a place to eat. british, 
yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 3 people at 
thank you! i also need to find a 
i'd like a place in the 
no specific departure time, but i would like to arrive by 
i'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
that sounds great. can you book me a table there for 
as long as the seafood restaurant is in the 
as long as the seafood restaurant is in the centre i am fine with 
as long as the 
i'm dining on 
i need to find a train leaving london kings cross on 
i would like to be in cambridge by 
i would like to be in 
i want to go to a 
please focus your search to the 
yes i need a place to stay that is a hotel that is 
yes i need a place to stay that is a 
if the 
if the acorn guesthouse is in the 
i hope so. my brother recommended an eatery called 
what is the entrance fee for 
i also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at 
i'd like to find a panasian restaurant in the 
i'd like to find a 
oh no. well i'll take 
hi, i'm looking to book a room in the 
yes. i am also looking for a train to peterborough from 
yes. i am also looking for a train to 
yes. the train should leave after 11:45 and leave on 
yes. the train should leave after 
hello are there any cheap 
hello are there any 
is there anything in the 
can you look for 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 20:00 to 
i will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 
i don't need a reservation for the restaurant. i need to find a train from 
i don't need a reservation for the restaurant. i need to find a train from cambridge to 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave wednesday after 
i am looking for the 
thats great thanks. i am also looking for a college in the 
thats great thanks. i am also looking for a 
yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? i want to leave the college by 
hello! i'm looking for new places to go in cambridge and am wondering if there is a 
i am looking for a place in the 
i am looking for a place in the south, and i don't need parking. but i do need 
yes. i would like to leave the hotel by 
i would like to find a museum to go to located in the 
i would like to find a 
the 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on saturday and arrives by 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on 
yes, i need to get to cambridge. i'll be leaving 
yes, i need to get to 
what time does that train arrive in cambridge? that seems terribly early. i just need to be there by 
what time does that train arrive in 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from norwich and should go to 
okay. can you help me find a place to stay? i would like it to be 
i'd like it to be 
i'd like it to be moderate, any will do. and i'd like to book it for 5 people and 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 5 people and 
yes please, for 5 people and 
it will be on 
i'd like to find an expensive 
i'd like to find an 
i need a boat trip in the 
i need a 
perfect. i'm looking for a 
yes, 
can i also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at 
i would like to visit 
im looking for a expensive restaurant in the 
im looking for a 
what an interesting name! hmm, what do you have in the way of 
hi, i am looking for a 
what other restaurants are there in the 
what other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve 
ok, how about something 
hi, do you have a listing for the 
yes please for 
yes please for 3 people on satruday 
oh, wait! while i have you, i can go ahead and check on 
no but i do need to make sure it is a 
sounds great. i need it for one person and three nights starting 
yes, i need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. i need to leave the restaurant by 
i actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. we will be done eating by 
what is the best 
i'd like to eat at the one that's in the 
yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called 
it's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 
hi i am in the 
hi i am in the north looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a hotel with 
yes, please. i need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
yes, please. i need the reservation for 
yes, please. i need the reservation for 1 person for 
great, thank you. i am looking for some sort of entertainment in the 
great, thank you. i am looking for some sort of entertainment in the centre, maybe a 
i'm going to cambridge and i need a train that arrives by 
i'm going to 
i will be departing from stansted airport and i want to leave on 
i will be departing from 
thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the 
thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern 
how about 
okay, how about 
probably 
sure. sounds good. i need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the 
no i am looking for a place in the 
i need to stay 3 nights staring from 
i need to stay 
i need to stay 
can you find another 
yes, please. make sure it's for 3 people and 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. make sure it's for 
yes, please. make sure it's for 
i need information about the 
i need reservations for 5 people and 2 nights starting from 
i need reservations for 
i need reservations for 5 people and 
i'm also looking for a train to 
i'm also looking for a train to stevenage leaving 
yes, i need to leave cambridge on 
yes, i need to leave 
i need some info on the 
i'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights. we'll be arriving on 
i'd like to book it for 
i'd like to book it for 7 people for 
a moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves 
a 
i want a taxi to the varsity. it should depart my hotel by 
i am staying at the 
i need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the 
i need help finding a 
is this restaurant in the 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for thursday at 12:45 for 
yes, please book for thursday at 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
does it have 
1 people, 4 nights starting 
1 people, 
i would like something with 
can you tell me the address and phone number to the 
cool. can you have a taxi pick me up at 
could i ask for your help in finding a 
some place 
hello! can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the 
hello! can you recommend a 
what's the price? i need something in 
are there any trains that arrive in cambridge before 
are there any trains that arrive in 
i am leaving broxbourne on 
i am leaving 
yes, would you please make a booking for 
a 
as long as its in the 
as long as its in the centre and has a 
sure, i can be flexible. how about in the 
sure, i can be flexible. how about in the north? i need it for 8, for two nights starting 
sure, i can be flexible. how about in the north? i need it for 
i'd like to find a place to eat on the 
i'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. something 
do any of those serve 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
yes, can you check the 
can you book me at ashley hotel for 
can you book me at ashley hotel for 1 and 
can you book me at 
can you book me at ashley 
on 
yes, i'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
how about a star of 
ok how about a 
yeah. can you help me book it please? it'll be for 
2 nights for 8 people starting on 
2 nights for 
i wanted to visit the 
i am looking for scottish food. i would like it to be nice so it can be expensive, but it needs to be in the 
i am looking for 
i am looking for scottish food. i would like it to be nice so it can be 
i need a train for 
i'm going from cambridge to broxbourne, departing after 20:45 on 
i'm going from 
i'm going from cambridge to 
i'm going from cambridge to broxbourne, departing after 
no thanks, i'm also looking for an 
i don't care, should be in the 
will i be able to get a train out of 
will i be able to get a train out of london liverpool street that leaves after 
i don't have to leave at exactly 
i would like to book it for friday for 
i would like to book it for 
try for a 
okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from 
okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from friday for 
okay can you make a booking for 
okay can you make a booking for 
i am looking for a train that is arriving by 
i am looking for a train that is arriving by 13:00 and leaving on 
yes, i want to leave from 
yes, i want to leave from cambridge and i'm going to 
how much does a seat for the tr1213 on 
thank you. i also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the 
thank you. i also need recommendations for an 
if you could book a reservation for 
if you could book a reservation for tuesday at 
can you tell me more about a particular attraction called the 
no thank you, i don't need the address. i would also like to find a place to eat on the 
no thank you, i don't need the address. i would also like to find a place to eat on the east side that serves 
actually, could you book a table for 6 people on 
i would like to book for 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of cambridge that serves 
then what about 
i would like the time to be at 
i would like the time to be at 
thank you. i need a train on 
thank you. i need a train on tuesday and i need it to arrive by 
i will be leaving from 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant on the 
i'd like to find an 
yes. 
reserve a table for 
monday at 
i'm also looking for some 
thank you so much for your help. can we also look at 
can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the 
can you tell me about 
sure. please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting 
sure. please book for 
sure. please book for 6 people and 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
i am going to visit and would like to go to a 
yes i need to find a hotel with free parking and 
yes, i'd prefer a hotel over a guesthouse and i need to stay in the 
yes, i'd prefer a 
if there is no hotel availability, i will accept a 
do any of the 
i'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving 
hello, what places to go could you recommend in the 
i am interested in the 
thank you. can you find out some information on the 
sounds perfect. can you please book a table for 8 on 
sounds perfect. can you please book a table for 
sounds perfect. can you please book a table for 8 on sunday at 
i am looking for a 
i'm not sure as i'm not familiar with the area. do you recommend a particular 
i would also like to find a 
yes, please. i would need a reservation on 
yes, please. i would need a reservation on sunday for 
yes, please. i would need a reservation on sunday for 3 at 
i need to be at the restaurant at 
i'd like something in the 
could i get the address for it? i would also like an 
i'm in the mood for 
yes, i also love 
yes, i also love turkish food. is there something in the center that's 
i need some help locating a train for 
i'll be departing from 
i'll be departing from cambridge and would like to leave at 
that would be perfect. book it for 
i also need a 
i also need a cheap 
can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by 
can you help me find a train departing 
on 
i would like to find a hotel on the 
i would like to find a 
no, i want to keep it in the type of 
yes, go ahead and book this. i will need accommodations for 7 people. we need to book for 2 nights, starting on 
yes, go ahead and book this. i will need accommodations for 
yes, go ahead and book this. i will need accommodations for 7 people. we need to book for 
i would like a mexican restaurant in 
i would like a 
ok can we try to find a expensive singaporean restaurant in the 
ok can we try to find a expensive 
ok can we try to find a 
ok. what about 
yes that would be fine i need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on 
yes that would be fine i need reservation sfor 
yes that would be fine i need reservation sfor 5 people at 
i am also looking for a train leaving cambridge arriving by 
i am also looking for a train leaving 
can you please find a train that leaves on 
can you please find a train that leaves on sunday from cabridge and goes to 
that would be great! can you book 
i need a place to stay in the 
i would like to make a reservation at the 
yes. please book it for 5 people, starting 
yes. please book it for 
yes. please book it for 
are you sure? can you try again? if that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the 
are you sure? can you try again? if that doesn't work, is there another 
are you sure? can you try again? if that doesn't work, is there another 4 star 
thank you. i am also looking for a train from 
thank you. i am also looking for a train from kings lynn to 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave sunday after 18:
yes, please book the train for 5 people on 
yes, please book the train for 
can you find a moderate price restaurant in the 
can you find a 
i would like to eat 
yes, please. just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. i'll need a table on 
yes, please. just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. i'll need a table on sunday at 11:45. it will be 
yes, please. just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. i'll need a table on sunday at 
i am also looking for some where fun to go in the 
i need a train on sunday, arriving by 
i need a train on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from leicester and arriving in 
yes. i would like a booking for 
ok, i also need a hotel in the 
ok, i also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a 
i do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. i need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from 
i do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. i need the booking for 
i do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. i need the booking for 3 people for 
i would like to book a train for 
i'll be catching the train at 
i'll be catching the train at birmingham new street and take me to 
yes. please book for 
i also need a very 
i also need a very cheap 
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please for 
yes, please for 
i would like it on the 
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food. if there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves 
he restaurant should be in the 
the 
my area is flexible. what is available for an expensive 
my area is flexible. what is available for an 
i will be leaving from 
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on 
depart from 
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive 
i just need to depart after 
hello, i need some 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 
no, not really. although, i'd like it to be a 
that sounds good. i would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
that sounds good. i would like to book that for 
that sounds good. i would like to book that for 
that sounds good. i would like to book that for 
i appreciate your help. i need to travel by train to 
i appreciate your help. i need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 
great, i'm looking to travel on 
yeah, book the earliest one for 
can you help me find a restaurant by the name of 
please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 8 people at 
i'd like an expensive restuarant with 
i'd like an 
i would like to stay in the 
could you reserve a table for 5 at peking restaurant. i need it for 
could you reserve a table for 
could you reserve a table for 5 at peking restaurant. i need it for wednesday at 
could you reserve a table for 5 at 
do you know anything about 
i'm also looking for a recommendation on 4 star, 
i'm also looking for a recommendation on 
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
book it for 
are there any cheap 
are there any 
i'd prefer cantonese, but i'd be up for 
how about an italian place for 
how about an italian place for 3 people at 
how about an 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves 
what do you have in the 
yes. i am looking for a 
yes, please. can you book a taxi for me? i'll be heading from 
yes, please. can you book a taxi for me? i'll be heading from clare hall to 
yes, please. can you book a taxi for me? i'll be heading from clare hall to tandoori palace, and i'd like to be picked up at 
i want to find an expensive restaurant serving expensive 
i want to find an 
i'd like a place in the 
yes, that would be great. it will need to be on 
yes, that would be great. it will need to be on friday at 1
yes, that would be great. it will need to be on friday at 
thank you! are there any trains leaving that same day from 
can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 
can you help me find a train leaving on 
i'm coming to 
i need to arrive by 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on 
i need a booking for 
i am looking for a hotel called 
thanks. can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 
please be a darling and find me a moderately priced place to dine in the 
please be a darling and find me a 
how about pizza hut? i need a reservation for 4 people at 17:45 on 
how about pizza hut? i need a reservation for 
how about pizza hut? i need a reservation for 4 people at 
how about 
i'm in need of a place to stay for the night, i'd like it to be in the 
i'm in need of a place to stay for the night, i'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern 
yes, can you make reservations for us? we'll need a table for 6 on 
yes, can you make reservations for us? we'll need a table for 
yes, can you make reservations for us? we'll need a table for 6 on sunday at 
i'm looking for an italian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
yes, please. 1 person at 16:45 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 1 person at 
i need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 
i need to leave cambridge on 
i need to leave 
i need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at 
yeah, i'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the 
yeah, i'm looking for an 
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the 
the restaurant should be in the 
i'm interested in seeing 
i also need a place to stay in the 
moderately priced and a 
is parking at the 
i need a train that gets me where i'm going by 
i'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 
i'm going from 
i'm going from cambridge to 
again, i want to arrive by 
on saturday. book for 
on 
i would like a hotel in the 
i am going to visit and was told about the 
great! i'm also looking for a place to eat in the 
great! i'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and i need it to be 
i'd love to try some 
yes, i need a table for 
yes, i need a table for 7 please at 
this is for 
please help me find a 
no, but i'd like it to be 
okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from 
okay sounds good can you make a booking for 
okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 
i've got another request i need assistance with please. i am looking to 
i will travel on 
a 
is there any with a 
do either of those have 
i would like to eat 
i would like 
i would like to pick a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a place called 
thank you. i'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the 
could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on 
could you book a table for 
could you book a table for 1 at 
i need to book a train that leaves after 13:45 on 
i need to book a train that leaves after 
i would like a italian food in the 
i would like a 
yes i do, for the same day. we will need a table for 
yes i do, for the same day. we will need a table for 6 at 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
sure, is there a college i could visit? i'd like it to be in the town's 
sure, is there a 
i am also looking for a 
i am also looking for a moderate place to stay with a 
yes please. i need it to be for 
yes please. i need it to be for 5 people and 
can you tell me if there are any museums in the 
can you tell me if there are any 
it needs to be in the 
i also need a 
how about an expensive restaurant in the 
how about an expensive restaurant in the west serving 
how about an 
yes, i would like reservations for four for 
actually can i get reservations for 7 at 20:00 on 
actually can i get reservations for 
actually can i get reservations for 7 at 
hi i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the 
the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the 
the hotel should be in the type of 
ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the 
ok, how about one in the 
sounds good. i'll need rooms for 3 people, for 
sounds good. i'll need rooms for 
we're arriving on 
are there any other cheap guesthouses in the 
are there any other 
are there any other cheap 
is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on 
is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on thursday for 
is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on thursday for 
is there any 
great! now i need a train to go to birmingham new street after 10:15 on 
great! now i need a train to go to 
great! now i need a train to go to birmingham new street after 
i would like to find an 
i don't want to leave. i want to stay for 3 nights starting on 
i don't want to leave. i want to stay for 3 nights starting on tuesday. there will be 
i don't want to leave. i want to stay for 
yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, 
yes, are there any 
i'm not picky with the area. i just want it to be 
i would like one that serves 
i'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 
are you able to help me find an expensive 
are you able to help me find an 
i don't really have a preference. can you recommend a restaurant? as long as it serves expensive 
i don't really have a preference. can you recommend a restaurant? as long as it serves 
yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on 
yes please reserve a table for 
yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the 
i am looking for a place to dine that serves 
yes, are there any options for italian food in the 
yes, are there any options for 
i'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the 
i'm looking for 
can you tell me about 
give me your recommendation for a 
are there any expensive restaurants in the city 
are there any 
i would like to eat 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for thursday. there will be 
i need a reservation for thursday. there will be 1 person at 
please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the 
please recommend me a 
would you be able to tell me whether there are any 
actually, let's try looking for a college instead and still in the 
actually, let's try looking for a 
i want some 
i'd like you to reserve a table for me at 15:15 on 
i'd like you to reserve a table for me at 
i'd like you to reserve a table for me at 
i'm looking for 
the price range should be 
actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 for 
actually can you make me a reservation for 
actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 
i need to arrive by 1
yes thank you. 2 nights for two people starting on 
yes thank you. 
yes thank you. 
i also need a train going to stevenage on 
i also need a train going to 
i am departing from 
i'm looking for a 
something in the 
hi, i'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from 
hi, i'm looking for a train that's going to 
i would like to travel on thursday and get there before 
i would like to travel on 
yes, for 
thanks, i also am looking for a hotel called 
yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting 
yes for 
yes for 6 people for 
i would like to find a museum in the 
i would like to find a 
sure! what's the address of the 
yes, i am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves 
yes, i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'd like to find a hotel in the 
i'd like to find a 
which 
yes, that would be fine. please book it for 7 people starting 
yes, that would be fine. please book it for 
yes, that would be fine. please book it for 7 people starting tuesday for 
thank you. i also need a train going to london liverpool street on 
thank you. i also need a train going to 
i am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at 
yes please book the the train for 
please find a restaurant that serves 
is there a 
oh no, my friend told me there was a really great british place in the 
oh no, my friend told me there was a really great 
sounds great. i want to book for 7 people on 
sounds great. i want to book for 
sounds great. i want to book for 7 people on friday at 
thanks for the booking. will you help me find an attraction in the 
do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the 
do you know if there are any 
i'm hoping for a 
yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes please, 
yes please, 7 people for 
i am looking for a restaurant near the 
i am looking for a restaurant near the centre, 
i would like 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 people on 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 
that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 people on friday at 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
i want 
i want british food that is 
how about the 
hello. i need to catch a train leaving on 
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 
i am going to london liverpool street from 
i am going to 
yes, could you book 
i also need to find out some information about the 
can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
can you help me find a 
no. how about 
yes. please reserve for 5 people on 
yes. please reserve for 
yes. please reserve for 5 people on sunday at 
yes, i do need it. i'm also looking for a train that goes to 
yes, i do need it. i'm also looking for a train that goes to leicester after 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on monday and depart from 
yes please. i just need tickets for all 
yes please. i just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 
find me a college in the 
find me a 
maybe 
maybe trinity 
would like to dine somewhere with a 
does that serve 
yes, i'd like a table for 2 on 
yes, i'd like a table for 
yes, i'd like a table for 2 on tuesday at 
sounds good. i need it for 2 people at 18:45 on 
sounds good. i need it for 
sounds good. i need it for 2 people at 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant with 
yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 14:30 on 
yes, could you please book me a table for 
yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 
hey, wait, just a second! i just remembered, i need a place to stay with 
hey, wait, just a second! i just remembered, i need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a 
no, i don't have a preference. i'd just like it to be 
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 
i'm looking for a particular attraction called 
actually, yes. i'm looking for a guesthouse called the 
actually, yes. i'm looking for a 
where in the 
where in the centre can i dine? i want something 
can you recommend a 
how about one with 
i am looking for the 
actually, i am ready to book. can you book the gonville hotel for 3 people for 5 nights, starting 
actually, i am ready to book. can you book the gonville hotel for 
actually, i am ready to book. can you book the gonville hotel for 3 people for 
actually, i am ready to book. can you book the 
i would also like to find a 
i'm actually looking for something in the 
i'm actually looking for something in the south. if there are no boat attractions there can you find me a 
can you tell me about a hotel called 
yes, i am also looking for an 
i would like it to be 
sure. i'll be going there on 
sure. i'll be going there on thursday 12:
sure. i'll be going there on thursday 
hi, i need to find a hotel with a 
thanks, i need a 4 star hotel in the 
thanks, i need a 
i need to book it starting 
i need to book it starting saturday for 
i need to book it starting saturday for 
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the 
is that a 
that sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 16:30 on 
that sounds good can you book it for 
that sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 
the slug and lettuce would be fine. it will need to be on 
the slug and lettuce would be fine. it will need to be on wednesday for 
the slug and lettuce would be fine. it will need to be on wednesday for 4 people. we'd like to eat at 
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
yes, i would prefer to stay in the 
yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on 
yes, please book a stay for 
i would like to arrive in time for our booked time at 
i want to find a place that serves 
ok. is there anything for 
i am visiting the 
yes, it needs to be in the same area as the attraction, 
alexander bed and breakfast sounds nice. can you make a reservation for two for 
i actually need it for 
i'd love to find an 
i'd love to find an asian oriental restaurant. something 
yes please book it for 3 people on 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 3 people on sunday at 
yes, could you try 1
yes, could you try 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant where i can eat 
i'd like to find an 
i would prefer 
i would prefer sunday at 
i also need a train from kings lynn on 
i'd like to arrive by 
actually, i need a table for 
can you help me find a hotel called 
yes, i think so. i hear a lot of good things about them. can you book me a room for 7 people for 2 nights on 
yes, i think so. i hear a lot of good things about them. can you book me a room for 
yes, i think so. i hear a lot of good things about them. can you book me a room for 7 people for 
i also need a train going to stevenage and arriving there by 
i also need a train going to 
i'd like to leave cambridge on 
i'd like to leave 
i would like to know what tourist attractions are in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with some 
no let's try the 
let's try the guesthouse. could you please book it for 2 people for 3 nights from 
let's try the guesthouse. could you please book it for 
let's try the guesthouse. could you please book it for 2 people for 
let's try the 
i need to depart from kings lynn aft 19:00 on 
i'm hoping to find a 
how about the 
how about the north? can i get a table there 
how about the north? can i get a table there thursday at 16:30 for 
how about the north? can i get a table there thursday at 
yes, would i be able to get a table there 
yes, would i be able to get a table there thursday at 18:00 for 
yes, would i be able to get a table there thursday at 
well how about 
please recommend something in the 
i need a 4 star place to stay in the 
i need a 
actually, i would like to book the 
it will be 3 nights for 
it will be 
can we please try for 
what museums do you have in the 
what 
i would like to find an 
i would like to find an italian restaurant that's 
i want to book a table for 6 people at 20:00 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 6 people at 
yes please. can you try 
yes, i need a train out of cambridge on 
yes, i need a train out of 
i need it to arrive at 
sometime after 
please book for 
i'm looking for a 
i am not sure what day, i am just researching now. i would like to have a 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 
yes, i need a train to peterbourough on 
i am leaving after 
i will be departing from 
i want one that will leave at 
it doesn't need to leave at 
can you get me information on a hotel called 
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 6 people and 
i also need to take a train. the train should arrive by 
i also need to take a train. the train should arrive by 08:30 and should go to 
i will depart from kings lynn on 
unfortunately, i don't know the train schedule. i was hoping you could provide that to me. i just need to arrive by 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge. i prefer a 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge. i prefer a cheap, 
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge. i prefer a cheap, 4 star 
yes, i would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, can you help me find a train into 
i am departing from 
if i could leave on the first one after 
on 
sure. i would like 
can you help me find a good 
can you help me find a good steakhouse? ideally i would like it to be 
no, i'd like steak. maybe try in the 
can you find me one that serves 
yes please,book a table for 8 people at 17:45 on 
yes please,book a table for 
yes please,book a table for 8 people at 
west. and on 
okay, i need to make sure it's in the 
i would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 
it needs to be 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 
i need to travel on 
i need to travel on monday, departing 
yes, i need 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving 
i am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a 
i need the place to serve a 
i'll need to leave from 
i'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 
ok i'd like to book 
ok i'd like to book 7 tickets for 
i need a hotel in cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the 
i need a hotel in cambridge that is rated 
thank you! could you help me find an 
monday at 
i need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by 
is there a restaurant in the 
i would like one serving 
i'd like to find a place that serves moderately priced 
i'd like to find a place that serves 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation for 
that sounds great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 
2 stars, free parking and wifi, located in the 
do you have a 2 star in the 
do you have a 
can you reserve me a room for 
can you reserve me a room for friday for 
can you reserve me a room for friday for 4 people, 
can you reserve me a room for friday for 4 people, 
i am also looking for a 
i need to leave junction on clifton way by 7:45 and go to 
i need to leave junction on clifton way by 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a 4 star 
i would prefer to stay in the 
not at this time, but i would like to find a place to eat. ideally an expensive 
not at this time, but i would like to find a place to eat. ideally an 
how about one that serves 
i'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 
i need a train that leaves london kings cross on 
i need a train that leaves 
i need to arrive at 
i need to arrive at cambridge. i want the train to leave after 
i need to arrive by 
can i get the train id and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on 
can i get the train id and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on friday, going from kings cross to 
can i get the train id and arrival time for the first train after 
i am also looking for 
yes please, can i get a reservation for 
yes please, can i get a reservation for friday at 21:00 for 
yes please, can i get a reservation for friday at 
i have an odd request, i am looking for a place to stay with a 
is one of them in the 
can we go ahead and get the 
i will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on 
i will be by myself and staying for 
yes i would like a guesthouse in the 
yes i would like a 
that sounds great do they have a room for just me? i'm checking in thursday and will be staying 
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on 
i am also looking fora train from 
i am going to 
i would like to leave after 
sure, could you send me the postcode? is that a 
i would like to book at the leverton house as stated before. i need a room booked for 6 and 3 nights starting from 
i would like to book at the leverton house as stated before. i need a room booked for 
i would like to book at the leverton house as stated before. i need a room booked for 6 and 
i would like to book at the 
please find a place that serves 
in the 
no, i don't have a preference. any you pick will be fine. i need to book on 
no, i don't have a preference. any you pick will be fine. i need to book on sunday at 1
no, i don't have a preference. any you pick will be fine. i need to book on sunday at 
yes hi, i'm looking for an 
the 
the north that serves 
the north that serves tuscan food and is insanely 
that is disappointing. how about some 
howdy! i'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the city 
howdy! i'm looking for a 
i am looking for a 
i would prefer indian food in the city 
i would prefer 
is it in the 
hi, i want a place to eat in the town 
expensive and 
yes, i would like that choice. can you book me a table for 
can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the 
yes please book for the same group of people and 
i would like to leave at 
i am looking to dine out in the 
i am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and i would like to find a place that serves 
i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 5 people at 
i'm looking for places to go in the 
i am looking for a 
can i get the phone number and address for the 
yes actually. i need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully. are there 
i need a 
yes, i am looking for an early evening train leaving from 
tuesday going to 
i would need to arrive by 
i also need a 
what are my options for 
i need to find a particular hotel called 
thanks. i also need help finding a train to get me to 
thanks. i also need help finding a train to get me to cambridge from 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on sunday and leave after 
please. i'll need 
is there a train that departs from 
is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on wednesday that goes to 
is there a train that departs from cambridge after 
the 08:01 is fine actually. can you book it for 
thank you. i also need information about 
actually, skip that. let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. i am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the 
actually, skip that. let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. i am open as far as cuisine but want something 
sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on 
sounds good, could you book me a table for 
sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on monday at 
after dinner we would like to visit a 
no, i need a taxi to 
hello, i am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel 
where in the 
where in the east can i find a restaurant that serves 
i prefer the 
yes see if there are any 
how about 
i would like 
i'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive indian restaurant in the 
i'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive 
i'm sorry to trouble you but is there an 
yes, book one of the expensive indian places in the 
yes, book one of the expensive 
yes, book one of the 
it will be a party of 
i am looking for a place to dine at that serves 
i am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is 
how about an 
that would be great. there will be 
i need a table reserved for 
i would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for 
i would like a booking at 13:00 for 
i would like a booking at 
it should be a guest house in the 
i would accept one with 
i need to leave 
i'd like to go to cambridge and would be leaving on 
i'd like to go to 
i'd like to go to cambridge and would be leaving on thursday after 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves 
i prefer something 
the 
i'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the 
yes, a table for 7 at 12:45 on 
yes, a table for 
yes, a table for 7 at 
need to book a 
my preferred type is a hotel, and i want it to have parking and internet as well as a 
my preferred type is a 
no i have no preference. i would like to book it same day for 
are you sure? can you try both of them? i really need 4 nights, starting 
are you sure? can you try both of them? i really need 4 nights, starting sunday for 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
i'd like to book the alexander b and b for 6 people, 5 nights, and starts on 
i'd like to book the alexander b and b for 
i'd like to book the alexander b and b for 6 people, 
i'm also looking for a train on 
i'm also looking for a train on tuesday and leaving after 
where i'd like to go is probably different than where i have to go, but i plan on going to 
i need to find a place to stay. it needs to include wifi and i would like a 
are any of them 
no but i also would like to get a train leaving from 
i would like a train on monday and need to arrive by 
i would like a train on 
please help me find a restaurant called 
can you book a table for 1 at 17:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 1 at 
thanks, i also need a train going to cambridge, arriving at 
thanks, i also need a train going to 
yes. i'm coming in from 
can you help me find a place to stay that has 
i would prefer a 
i've changed my mine. i'd like a train that departs from 
i've changed my mine. i'd like a train that departs from stansted airport and goes to 
i'd like to leave on 
i'd like to leave on sunday after 
any arrival time is fine as long as i leave 
any arrival time is fine as long as i leave stansted airport after 
please help me find an expensive 
please help me find an 
that sounds good. can you book me a table on 
that sounds good. can you book me a table on thursday at 
can you help me find a fun place to visit in the 
can i get the 
can i get the 
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking for a 
it should have a 
north indian, please, and 
how about 
i need to leave the restaurant by 
please find me a good 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in. can you find me a 
i would like something in the 
let's go with the 
for 
i'm looking for a popular 
i'm interested in the 
can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art museum in the 
can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art 
what is the address of that 
i am also looking for a hotel called 
is there a suite available for 2 people for 5 nights starting 
is there a suite available for 
is there a suite available for 2 people for 
i am looking for somewhere to go in the 
no. also find me a hotel by the name 
yes, please. can you reserve a room for 
yes, please. can you reserve a room for monday for 
yes, please. can you reserve a room for monday for 5 people, 
thanks! can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? maybe a museum or a 
i think we would like it to be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine located in the 
i am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the 
is there 
yes please make it for 
yes please make it for sunday at 1
yes please make it for sunday at 
i am looking for a portuguese place to dine in the 
i am looking for a 
for 
for 5 people at 
i would like to go to a 
i'm interested in finding an 
i'm interested in finding an expensive 
can you search for 
the 
does the 
no, what is the phone number for the 
i like a 
never mind. do you have any theaters in the 
are there any museums? will need the address and phone number. also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i was hoping for something in the 
how about 
is it in the moderate price range? i need a hotel in the 
is it in the 
is it in the moderate price range? i need a hotel in the west with a star rating of a 
is it in the moderate price range? i need a 
okay, how about just 
okay, pick the 
i am also looking for 
i am looking to try a local restaurant that serves 
i am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern european cuisine and has a 
book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 1 person at 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for an 
i am looking for a place to eat that serves gastropub food in the 
i am looking for a place to eat that serves 
i also am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. i would like to visit a 
trinity 
i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an expensive 2 star 
that's what i want. please book it for 
that's what i want. please book it for thursday for 
that's what i want. please book it for thursday for 3 people staying 
that's what i want. please book it for thursday for 3 people staying 
how about trying the 
i would like to find out information about a hotel called 
i need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from 
i need to book it to 
i need to book it to 2 people for 
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to broxbourne on 
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to 
yes i will be leaving from 
can you find me a greek restaurant in the 
can you find me a 
ok my second choice was 
yes, please. it'll be for 2 people on 
yes, please. it'll be for 
yes, please. it'll be for 2 people on saturday at 
i also want to find a 
i want a restaurant in the 
yes, 
yes! i need at table for 6 at 18:30 
yes! i need at table for 
yes! i need at table for 6 at 
yes i need to find a train to cambridge from 
yes i need to find a train to 
thursday morning at 
i don't have a preference. but it does need to have 
can you tell me the area the 
yes, could you give me information on 
i'm looking for good 
i need to leave the hotel by 
good afternoon! i'd like to visit an expensive 
good afternoon! i'd like to visit an 
i'll need one from leicester to cambridge on 
i'll need one from 
i'll need one from leicester to 
i'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after 
can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves 
can you find me restaurant with 
how about one that serves 
it does not matter, i just need one available for 7 people at 18:15 on 
it does not matter, i just need one available for 
it does not matter, i just need one available for 7 people at 
yes, i also need a guesthouse hotel with 
how about a 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves caribbean food and in the 
are there any 
so i'm interested in portuguese food. do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the 
so i'm interested in 
yes, please. 5 people at 19:30 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 5 people at 
great i am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by 
great i am also looking to get a train from 
i will be traveling on 
yes please book me on the train that arrives in cambridge on 
thank you. i also need a train to to arrive in cambridge by 
thank you. i also need a train to to arrive in cambridge by 
thank you. i also need a train to to arrive in 
i also need free parking included and i would like it to be a 
the ashley hotel does 
the ashley 
i also need a place to dine serving 
actually, i will go ahead and book myself later. but, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
actually, i will go ahead and book myself later. but, if you can help me find a 
how about a 
yes please. please book a table for 5 at 12:30 on 
yes please. please book a table for 
yes please. please book a table for 5 at 
i am looking for some help locating a 
i'd like the place to be rated 
it doesn't matter. i would need a room for 6 people starting 
it doesn't matter. i would need a room for 
it doesn't matter. i would need a room for 
no, i really need it starting 
no, i really need it starting saturday for 
looking for 
no but am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the 
no but am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
i also need a taxi to get to the college. i want to leave my hotel at 
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from 
i want to go to leicester and want to leave on 
i want to go to 
i need to get there by 
1. please also get me z restaurant called 
1. please also get me z restaurant called 
i need a place to dine on indian food. 
i need a place to dine on 
no. just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at 17:15 on 
no. just a place that can accommodate a table of 
no. just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at 
the area doesn't matter, i'd just like a 
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. it should include free wifi and be a 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
do they have free parking? if so, please reserve a room for 
do they have free parking? if so, please reserve a room for tuesday for 
do they have free parking? if so, please reserve a room for tuesday for 7 people, 
thank you. i'm looking for places to go in town. can you recommend something near the 
can you find me something cheap in the 
can you find me something 
i am interested in boat attractions in the 
i am interested in 
that sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? checking in 
that sounds great, can you book it for me for 
that sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? checking in monday and will be staying 
i also need to book a taxi when i got from the hotel to 
i also need to book a taxi when i got from the hotel to cambridge punter. i'd like to leave the hotel by 
yeah, i'm looking for a room. do you offer anything in the 
i am looking for something in the 
i need to book for 6 people starting 
i need to book for 
i need to book for 6 people starting saturday and staying 
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
i would like the one with the 
please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 5 people and 
please book it for 5 people and 
thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from bishops stortford and arriving by 
thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from 
i need that train on 
i'm looking for a 
sounds great. can i get it for 7 people? 4 nights starting 
sounds great. can i get it for 
sounds great. can i get it for 7 people? 
sounds great. can i get it for 7 people? 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving 
i don't have a preference on price, but how about 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
yes please, i need a reservation for 4 nights starting 
yes please, i need a reservation for 4 nights starting monday for 
yes please, i need a reservation for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a train that leaves from 
thanks! i'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to 
i don't want to leave any earlier than 
hello, i'm looking for information on a hotel called 
yes i need accommodations for 8 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes i need accommodations for 
yes i need accommodations for 8 people for 
i need to go to the stansted airport on 
i need to go to the 
i'm leaving from 
i need to arrive at the airport by 
yes, i would like a restaurant that serves 
how about 
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on 
any is fine. book a table for 
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at 
can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the 
can you help me find a place to dine that is 
my friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the west area. how about a 
no, i won't be in town till next week, thanks. can you suggest a 
can you recommend a college in the 
sounds great. can i also get info on a taxi leaving from 
well i want to leave the attraction by 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving 
yes, thank you. i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
yes, thank you. i want to find an 
i'm looking for creative food in the expensive range in the 
i'm looking for 
i'm looking for creative food in the 
how about 
could you book a party of 5 for 16:30 on 
could you book a party of 
could you book a party of 5 for 
i'll be going from london liverpool street to cambridge and need a train that will arrive by 
i'll be going from 
i'll be going from london liverpool street to 
i need to depart on 
i'm not sure what time i need to leave, but i do need to arrive by 
i am looking for a hotel called the 
yes, that is the one i wanted. could i book a four night stay starting on 
there will be a total of 
i am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the 
i am hoping you can find a 
well i would like one that's in a 
no, that doesn't matter. i need to book one for 
yes, that works. i'd like to book 3 days for 
yes, that works. i'd like to book 
yes, please. something in the 
i am looking for a train departing from cambridge that would arrive by 
i am looking for a train departing from 
yes, i need a train that goes to ely and leaves on 
yes, i need a train that goes to 
that works, can you book 
i am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the 
i am also looking for a very 
yes, i'd prefer 
that one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at 
the same day as the train, on 
can you try booking for 2 on 
can you try booking for 
can you try booking for 2 on sunday at 
hi, i need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 
hi, i need a 
it doesn't matter where the 
can you book the 
4 nights, checking in on 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the 
i would prefer 
yes for 3 people at 13:45 on 
yes for 
yes for 3 people at 
i also need as train going to 
i'll be leaving on 
i'd like one that leaves after 
not really. i like 
i'd like to be in the 
i am also look for a train on 
i am also look for a train on saturday to 
i would like to leave after 
yes, can you please book for 
is it true cambridge has the best attractions? we are looking for something unusual to do in the 
i would like 
ok, i think we've already established the attraction in the town 
ok, i think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. the next thing i need is a 
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for 
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 
i'd like the 
i need a 
i would like it in the cheap price range in the 
i would like it in the 
actually, i don't care what part of town it is in. i just need 4 stars. does the 
actually, i don't care what part of town it is in. i just need 
yes please, just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on 
yes please, just for 
yes please, just for 1 person for 
thank you for the reference number b
yes the one in 
yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes please, 
yes please, 3 people for 
i will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on 
i will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by 14:1
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves turkish food and is located in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves 
is there a restaurant serving 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i am specifically look for a four star 
please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book it for 
please book it for 6 people and 
i need a taxi to travel between the two places. i need to leave 
i need a taxi to travel between the two places. i need to leave tandoori by 
hi! can you tell me about some of the 
yes can you find a restaurant in the 
yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves 
how about on that serves 
yes, could i book it for 5 people at 12:00 on 
yes, could i book it for 
yes, could i book it for 5 people at 
i am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is expensive. what ones are available to book for next 
i am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is 
i am hoping to book a 
i am hoping to book a 5 star 
actually, i'm not looking for a hotel at all. i'm looking for a train on 
actually, i'm not looking for a hotel at all. i'm looking for a train on thursday that is departing birmingham new after 12:15 to 
actually, i'm not looking for a hotel at all. i'm looking for a train on thursday that is departing birmingham new after 
yes also i am looking to visit one of the 
im not sure but i would like to stay in a 
im not sure but i would like to stay in a 4 star 
i am looking for something 
i am looking for something moderately price and that is 
i am looking for something moderately price and that is 4 star rated. i prefer a 
i would like the postcode of 
i guess first i'd better find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 
i guess first i'd better find a place to stay. i'm looking for a moderately priced 
yes i'm looking for somewhere to eat that does barbecue? is there anywhere like this in the city center? if there's no barbecue, what about 
do you think you might be able to recommend a nice 
something 
something cheap, but 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
is there an international restaurant in the city 
is there an 
could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on 
could you check if either has booking for 
could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 
i want a place to stay. find me a 
the 
i would like to stay for 
i would like to stay for 
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:
i need a train from norwich to get to the 
it doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 
i am looking for an attraction in the 
i am looking for an attraction in the centre that has 
old school is the 
yes, can you help me find a 
before we move on, may i get the postcode of old school? also, i'd like to find some information on hotel 
book for 2 people and 5 nights from 
book for 
book for 2 people and 
thanks, again. finally, i need a taxi between the hotel and the 
the same day, i want it to take me between the two places. i'll need to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'd like a 
that's disappointing. can you try 
i am looking for something in the 
we need to find a guesthouse in the 
we need to find a 
great, can you please book me for 2 people and 5 nights starting 
great, can you please book me for 
great, can you please book me for 2 people and 
a restaurant in the 
okay, would it help to narrow it down to the 
can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on 
can you help me find a train going to 
i'd like to leave from 
i'd like to leave from birmingham new street after 
yes, can you please make me a booking for 
no preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). maybe a 
tell me more about the one in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
on 
on friday please at 19:30 for a party of 
on friday please at 
i would also like to book a train departing from 
i would also like to book a train departing from cambridge after 
i'd like to go to stansted airport on saturday. there will be 
i'd like to go to stansted airport on 
i'd like to go to 
hello, i'm looking for an expensive 
hello, i'm looking for an 
are there any in the 
that sounds great. could you book me a table for 
that sounds great. could you book me a table for thursday for 
that sounds great. could you book me a table for thursday for 2 people at 
hi, i'd like to visit a 
thanks. please help me find information about a train to cambridge. it should get there by 
thanks. please help me find information about a train to 
i'll be departing from 
i need a train that will leave on 
not right now, i am also looking for an expensive 
not right now, i am also looking for an 
i'd like to stay in a 
yes, i would like an 
yes, i would like an expensive 
i want a guesthouse with a 
i want a 
i guess. i'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on 
i guess. i'll need a room for 
i am also looking for some 
do you have any in the 
yes, please book at 18:45 on the same day, 
yes, please book at 1
yes, please book at 
i'm looking for information on 
i'm looking for information on 4-star rated 
sure. can we spend 5 nights starting on 
sure. can we spend 5 nights starting on sunday? i am going to need room for 
sure. can we spend 
i would also like to eat somewhere 
do you have one the is 
sounds great if it is portuguese. i'll take a reservation for 
sounds great if it is portuguese. i'll take a reservation for 7 people at 
sounds great if it is 
yes, it is called 
ok, thank you. i also need to find a hotel that is 
is that a 
is that a 1 star 
can you look for a 
can you look for a 4 star 
i want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the 
i want to find a 
i would like one that is in the 
no, are there any guesthouses available in the 
no, are there any 
i need a cheap place to stay in the 
i need a 
then book one, doesn't matter which. eight people, two nights, starting 
good eve! i'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of 
no, i would like afternoon tea in the 
no, i would like 
could you try 
can i get the information for 
i need a train to leave after 9:30 from kings lynn departing for cambridge on 
i need a train to leave after 9:30 from 
i need a train to leave after 9:30 from kings lynn departing for 
i need a train to leave after 
i would like to leave on 
hello, i'm looking for a gueshouse on the 
not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the east and i am looking for a 
i want a 
i want a cheap 
that'll work. please book me a room for one, checking in 
that'll work. please book me a room for one, checking in monday for 
one person for two nights and need the reference number. also want to reserve a table at travellers rest for one on 
one person for two nights and need the reference number. also want to reserve a table at travellers rest for one on monday at 
one person for two nights and need the reference number. also want to reserve a table at travellers rest for one on monday at 
one person for two nights and need the reference number. also want to reserve a table at 
i am planning a trip to cambridge. i was hoping to find the attraction called 
i'd like to find the 
yes. i'd like to book a room on 
yes. i'd like to book a room on friday for 2 nights for 
yes. i'd like to book a room on friday for 
how about just for 
i'd like to leave the college by 
i'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the 
i'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an 
no thank you. i am looking for an 
i would prefer to find one that is located in the 
i would prefer a 
i would like to book a reservation at 
i need the reservation for 1 person for 
i need the reservation for 
i need the reservation for 1 person for friday at 
yes, i need a train on 
i am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by 
i am leaving 
i am leaving peterborough and want to get to 
can you help me find a train going to london kings cross leaving on 
can you help me find a train going to 
i would like to leave cambridge and arrive by 
i would like to leave 
what is the travel time? i'm also looking for information on a hotel, 
i want to book for 5 people, 4 nights, starting from 
i want to book for 5 people, 
i want to book for 
i need the address to a 
thank you i also would like to get a place to stay in the 
the price doesn't matter it just needs to be a 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
it would be great if it was an 
it would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 
it would be great if it was an expensive 
yes, please, we need it for 2 nights starting on 
yes, please, we need it for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 
yes, please, we need it for 
yes, please, we need it for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 
i don't care about the area anymore... could you please book an expensive 
i don't care about the area anymore... could you please book an 
i don't care about the area anymore... could you please book an expensive 
thanks, also in the 
thanks, also in the centre of cambridge, could you find me an 
i prefer 
yes i would like to book a table for 7 on 
yes i would like to book a table for 
yes i would like to book a table for 7 on monday at 
let's try 
can you help me find a hotel in the 
can you help me find a hotel in the north that is 
can you help me find a 
can you book the ashley hotel for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
can you book the ashley hotel for me? 
can you book the ashley hotel for me? 4 people and 
can you book the 
can you book the ashley 
i am also looking for a train that departs from 
i am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to 
wednesday also. i can't leave until after 1
hello. i've been recommended a restaurant called 
the reservation will be for 
the reservation will be for sunday at 18:00 for 
the reservation will be for sunday at 18:00 for 7 people. if 18:00 is not available please try 
i don't need it anymore. can you look for a place to stay, please? i would like something in the 
i don't need it anymore. can you look for a place to stay, please? i would like something in the north with 
need a hotel in the 
need a hotel in the north with a 
need a hotel in the north with a 4 star rating, should be a type of 
i'm looking for british food. i want the restaurant to be in the town 
i'm looking for 
find me expensive restaurant that serves 
find me 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
i would like to know which type of food 
i am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the 
i am searching for a restaurant serving 
i prefer to stay in the 
i prefer to stay in the centre of town. is there a 
what price range is 
it was 
yes i need one for 
thanks! can you also tell me if there are any 
how about a 
i like the name. could you give me 
i like the name. could you give me 
can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? it should pick me up from the hotel at 13:45 and take me to 
can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? it should pick me up from the hotel at 
please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the 
please see if you can find me a 
please see if you can find me a 3-star 
yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. 
yes, please look for any 
yes, please look for any 3-star 
yes please. it's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on 
yes please. it's for 
yes please. it's for 
how about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving 
how about a place to dine in the 
are there any restaurants on the 
are there any restaurants on the west that serve 
same location but i want 
yeah, could you give me the address and phone number for the 
yes i am looking for a train leaving 
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 
i need to get to bishops stortford on 
i need to get to 
im looking for a place to eat eritrean food at the 
im looking for a place to eat 
what about something moderately priced that's in the 
what about something 
i'm not so concerned about the area, but i'm looking for something 
is there another one that is in the 
that's great can you give me the phone number, postcode and address for 
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant on the 
i'm looking for a 
book me a table for 7 on thursday at 
yes i need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting 
yes i need to book it for 
thank you. i will also need a taxi so that i can commute between these two locations and i need it to arrive at 
list all 
list all thursday train times heading to 
okay, i guess that would be quite a lot of typing. how about this: i need a train leaving from leicester sometime after 21:45 on 
okay, i guess that would be quite a lot of typing. how about this: i need a train leaving from 
okay, i guess that would be quite a lot of typing. how about this: i need a train leaving from leicester sometime after 
anytime after 
i'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. can you find one in the 
i'd prefer a 
hi, can you help me find a hotel on the 
hi, can you help me find a 
can you also tell me about some 
i'd really like to visit 
can i get some information about visiting 
thanks. i am also looking for an expensive place to eat in the 
thanks. i am also looking for an 
no, just expensive in the 
no, just 
definitely, please book me for 7 people at 14:45 on 
definitely, please book me for 
definitely, please book me for 7 people at 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, i would like to find something with 
what about one in the 
what about one in the centre of cambridge that serves 
yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on 
yes please, make a reservation for 
yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 
yes please try 12:00 with the reservation for 
yes please try 
i want the hotel to also be in the 
i want the hotel to also be in the centre and 
can they handle 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an afghan restaurant in the 
okay, how about 
yes, please. 7 people at 18:30 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people at 
how about 1
how about 
yes, i need a place to stay with free wifi. the hotel should have a 
yes, i need a place to stay with free wifi. the 
is that 
i need one that is in the 
how about a 4 star 
i don't care about the area. can you pick one and give me the postcode, 
i need to know more about a hotel called 
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for an 
yes, please. i will have a party of 8 ready to dine on 
yes, please. i will have a party of 
yes, please. i will have a party of 8 ready to dine on sunday at 
oh yes of course. i need one to arrive at the restaurant by 
is it in the 
no i need cheap. is there one that serves 
no i need 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 
i would like to arrive in 
i will be departing from 
how are you doing? are there any 
i would like to see 
i am trying to locate a really nice 
i don't have a place in mind but i would like for the 
could you see if there's a 
no, but i was looking for something with 
can you help me find some 
i don't care where, just as long as it's 
sala thong sounds good. please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on 
sala thong sounds good. please make a booking for 
sala thong sounds good. please make a booking for 2 at 
i'll need to arrive by 
i'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to 
let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 
let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. it needs to depart from cambridge and leave on 
let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. it needs to depart from 
i would like 
are there any theatres in cambridge, particularly close to the city 
are there any 
thanks. i am also looking for a hotel in the 
thanks. i am also looking for a hotel in the north. i want something with a 
that sounds perfect. 
it will just be me. i will be arriving 
it will just be me. i will be arriving tuesday and staying for 
it will just be me. i will be arriving tuesday and staying for 
i would like the taxi to be there by 
is that a 
thank you! i am also searching for the 
i want to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 2 people at 
yes, i need help finding a restaurant. preferably a nice, expensive one in the 
yes, i need help finding a restaurant. preferably a nice, 
no, i was actually looking for an 
can you please book me a table for one at 16:30 on 
can you please book me a table for one at 
can you please book me a table for one at 
yes, i will leave cambridge on 
yes, i will leave 
yes, i will leave cambridge on monday sometime after 
need a place to eat that has caribbean food, somewhere in 
need a place to eat that has 
how about one that serves 
that sounds good. what is the address and postcode for 
i prefer the room to be in a 
i think i'll hold off on that reservation. does that 
from the 
from the curry garden to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 
i need to get to cambridge on 
i need to get to 
i need a train that departs from stevenage on friday. it should arrive in cambridge by 
i need a train that departs from stevenage on 
i need a train that departs from 
i need a train that departs from stevenage on friday. it should arrive in 
area doesn't matter, but i would like something 
i would like it to be a 
yes i will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for 
yes i will need that for 
yes i will need that for 2 people for 
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is 
i want it to have a 
i need to get a reference number first. this booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from 
i need to get a reference number first. this booking is for 
i need to get a reference number first. this booking is for 7 people and 
i want a restaurant that serve 
how about some cheap italian located in the 
how about some cheap 
how about some 
yes please. for the same amount of people on the same day at 
i plan to travel on 
i am departing from broxbourne and i would like the train to arrive by 
i am departing from 
okay thank you, i'm also looking for an 
okay thank you, i'm also looking for an indian restaurant in the east that is 
please book that one for 8 people on 
please book that one for 
please book that one for 8 people on friday at 
i'd like some information on a train going to bishops stortford departing from 
i'd like some information on a train going to 
i'm leaving after 18:45 on 
i'm leaving after 
thank you. i will also need to find a restaurant that serves 
thank you. i will also need to find a restaurant that serves mediterranean food and should be in the 
i need help finding an expensive restaurant in the 
i need help finding an 
yes, i'm looking for 
do anything of them serve 
i want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 4 people at 
are there any pricey 
yes i would like moderately priced 
yes i would like 
no you know what. how about 
actually, i want 
i would like the indian restaurant to be in the 
i would like the 
yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on 
yes can you please book a reservation for 
yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 
i also need train tickets for my group. i need it to leave by 8:
i also need train tickets for my group. i need it to leave by 8:30 from 
i also need train tickets for my group. i need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to 
yes please. i'll need 
cheap price chinese in 
cheap price 
i apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, i was really looking for an attraction to see in the 
ok no problem. i am looking to book a room at 
i will be arriving on 
i will be arriving on saturday with a party of 
i will be arriving on saturday with a party of 8 for 
yes i will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. i would like to leave the hotel by 
yes, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving 
yes, i'm looking for an 
does eraina serve 
does 
are there any 
are there any 4-star 
yes. the hotel should be located in the 
can you tell me if there is a restaurant named 
just go ahead and book a table for 7 on 
just go ahead and book a table for 
just go ahead and book a table for 7 on saturday at 
i also need to find a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the 
i also need to find a 
i also need to find a 4 star 
i'm looking for this particular hotel called 
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from 
yes i would love to book for 
yes i would love to book for 
thank you. is there a 
can you give me the address of 
i'd like to leave from the hotel by 
i'm looking for 
no i diffidently want a 
i need 3 people for 5 nights starting 
i need 
i need 3 people for 
i also need a train leaving the same day as 
i will be leaving london kings cross. i need to be in cambridge by 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving london kings cross. i need to be in 
that's perfect! please make a booking for 
could i get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the 
could i get the name of a 
could you get me the address and phone number for the 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
hi there! i need a place to stay in cambridge, and i'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 
hi there! i need a place to stay in cambridge, and i'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star 
i would prefer 
yes, that would be great. i need accommodations for 6 people starting 
yes, that would be great. i need accommodations for 
yes, that would be great. i need accommodations for 6 people starting sunday for 
yeah, can you try for 
yeah, can you try for 
thanks, i'm going to need some info on the 
i don't care where it is. i just want a 
i don't care where it is. i just want a cheap 
sure. would you book that starting 
sure. would you book that starting friday for 3 nights for 
sure. would you book that starting friday for 
can you make the same reservation but for 
yes i need a train departing cambridge that arrives by 
yes i need a train departing 
i will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on 
i will be travelling to 
that sounds good, please book that for 
i am looking for 
i don't care. it needs to be on the 
i don't care. it needs to be on the south side and 
yes please. i also need a hotel with at least 
how about a guesthouse in 
sure, what about in the city 
okay. can you try booking the el shaddai for me fo 
okay. can you try booking the el shaddai for me fo saturday for 
okay. can you try booking the el shaddai for me fo saturday for 2 people for 
okay. can you try booking the 
okay. can you try booking the el shaddai for me fo saturday for 2 people for 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
well, i want to leave on 
i would like to arrive by 
of course, silly me. i'd like to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on saturday, and i need to get there by 
of course, silly me. i'd like to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on 
of course, silly me. i'd like to travel from 
of course, silly me. i'd like to travel from cambridge to 
ok, i'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable. can i please get the address to the restaurant 
can you help me find a train leaving on 
can you help me find a train leaving on sunday going to 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 
three stars, 
a 
it doesn't matter. can you please recommend one and book it on 
it doesn't matter. can you please recommend one and book it on sunday for 3nights for 
it doesn't matter. can you please recommend one and book it on sunday for 
it doesn't matter. can you please recommend one and book it on sunday for 
as i mentioned already, 
i want to visit 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the 
perfect, i also need to book a taxi to leave by 
i want to go from the restaurant 
i want to go from the restaurant prezzo by 9:45 to 
hello, i am looking for some good 
hello, i am looking for some good australasian food. i would like an 
and i would like something australasian, or if you can't find that, 
i would like a 
i would like a chinese restaurant the is 
wednesday at 1
wednesday at 
i actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, i want to arrive by 
i actually need a train from 
i actually need a train from london liverpool street to 
yes please. for 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a hotel in the 
let's try for one in the 
let's try for one in the 
how about for 
how about for 
thank you very much! can you also help me find a train? i am looking for one that leaves from cambridge after 11:00 and goes to kings lynn on 
thank you very much! can you also help me find a train? i am looking for one that leaves from 
thank you very much! can you also help me find a train? i am looking for one that leaves from cambridge after 11:00 and goes to 
thank you very much! can you also help me find a train? i am looking for one that leaves from cambridge after 
i'll take the train that is closet to 
i need tickets for 
i need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the 
i need to book a nice 
i don't have a preference. i need a table booked for six people at 13:45 on 
i don't have a preference. i need a table booked for six people at 
how about 
it is 
i'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train to go to 
from 
from london kings cross and i need it to leave after 
i'd like to book the 19:17 train for 
i will also need a place to dine. i'm thinking something cheap, after that. maybe 
i will also need a place to dine. i'm thinking something 
i would like to dine at 
yes. please reserve a table for 8 on 
yes. please reserve a table for 
yes. please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the south part of cambridge that's in a 
i'm looking for a 
i am also looking for a 
i'd like to try the 
no 
by chance, is that a 
wonderful. can you book a room for 6 people coming in on 
wonderful. can you book a room for 
wonderful. can you book a room for 6 people coming in on friday for 
i am looking for a hotel called 
i would actually like to book rooms for 
this 
this tuesday, for 
i guess, can you find me another 
i need a place to stay in the 
well i would like a 
yes please, i need 5 people to stay for 3 nights starting on 
yes please, i need 
yes please, i need 5 people to stay for 
i am also looking for a place called 
i have no preference, i just need it booked for 5 people at 13:00 on 
i have no preference, i just need it booked for 
i have no preference, i just need it booked for 5 people at 
okay why don't you try for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving 
i'm looking for a 
is there any restaurants that serve 
i am looking for the 
please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 6 people at 
i want to go to a 
i would like to stay in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
at 
oh god, yes. i want to eat at a 
yes book for 4 people at 18:30 on 
yes book for 
yes book for 4 people at 
i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the 
i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the 
i am looking for a 
no, just need if for three people. three nights, starting 
i'm looking for a train leaving from 
i need the train on 
i don't care what time i arrive as long as i'm leaving after 
i need something to do in canbridge in the 
how about a 
thank you. i also need a 
wow! what about 
i am looking for 
i am looking for modern european food in the 
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on 
book that for 
book that for 4 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay. it needs to be in the 
i am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a cheap 
yes. is there on in the 
can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? there will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on 
can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? there will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on thursday and spend 
can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? there will be 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant. it should be in the 
yes in the 
yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 19:30 on 
yes please, could you book a table for 
yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 
i am interested in finding a great 
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves indian food? we are looking to accommodate 5 people at 17:30 on 
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves indian food? we are looking to accommodate 
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves indian food? we are looking to accommodate 5 people at 
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves 
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is 
just book it on 
just book it on monday please, for 
just book it on monday please, for 5 at 
we need a taxi from 
we need a taxi from club salsa that will get us to 
can i get a train from 
can i get a train from stansted airport leaving after 
yes, on 
yes, on tuesday. anytime after 
thank you i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 
thank you i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a cheap 
thank you i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a cheap 1 star 
as long as it is the 
let's try the 
let's try the 4 star 
yes, could you book the allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting 
yes, could you book the allenbell for 
yes, could you book the allenbell for 7 people and 
yes, could you book the 
yes, could you book the allenbell for 7 people and 
hello. i'm leaving the city on 
hello. i'm leaving the city on wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after 
i would like to go to 
i would like to go to cambridge from 
that sounds perfect. can you book 
i'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of 
i'm also looking for a 
sure, for the same group of people on the same day at 
i want to stay in the 
a 
a cheap place with 
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 
tell me about the 
what about the 
i would like an 
i would like an expensive 
are there any expensive guesthouses in the 
are there any 
are there any expensive 
how about 
yeah, let's do 
i need a table for 
please book the el shaddai for 
please book the el shaddai for sunday, 
please book the el shaddai for sunday, 
please book the 
i would like to be picked up at my hotel and i need to be taken to the restaurant by 
at the 
yes, i am looking for indian in the 
yes, i am looking for 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a saturday train departing from 
norwich is my destination and i want to leave after 
please book for 
thanks! i'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced 
thanks! i'm also wondering if there are any 
how then about 
i need it for 8 people at 10:30 on 
i need it for 
i need it for 8 people at 
can i get information on 3 star hotels in the 
can i get information on 
can i get information on 3 star 
the hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the 
the hotel should be of the 
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 7 people and 
what are some attractions on the 
i am looking for a train from 
i am looking for a train from cambridge to 
i need to leave after 17:45 on 
i need to leave after 
i'm also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the 
i'm also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
can you help me find a guesthouse that has 
can you help me find a 
that would be fine. i'll need to book it on 
that would be fine. i'll need to book it on saturday for 5 nights and 
that would be fine. i'll need to book it on saturday for 
i could use some train information on a trip to 
oh, silly me. 
hello, please find me a 
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art 
thanks, 
thanks, yes please. i'm also looking for some 
the 
i am interested in a 
oh, no, i am happy with primavera, thanks. i just need that reservation at gonville. 5 nights on 
oh, no, i am happy with primavera, thanks. i just need that reservation at gonville. 5 nights on friday for 
oh, no, i am happy with primavera, thanks. i just need that reservation at gonville. 
just need a taxi from 
just need a taxi from gonville to the 
just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, i want to leave by 
hi, i'm looking for a local upscale 
actually, i'm looking for somewhere that's located near the 
it's for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on 
it's for 
it's for 5 people and we want to eat at 
hi, i need a train to cambridge on 
hi, i need a train to 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from london liverpool street after 
great. can you also help me find out about a restaurant called 
could you please make a reservation on 
could you please make a reservation on sunday for 
could you please make a reservation on sunday for 7 people at 
how about 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a modern european restaurant in the 
sure, you can choose. as long it's in the moderate price range and serves 
sure, you can choose. as long it's in the 
i'd like to leave after 13:45 on 
i'd like to leave after 13:45 on thursday from 
i'd like to leave after 13:45 on thursday from cambridge to 
i'd like to leave after 
no, i just need to leave after 
hello. i'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings in the city 
hello. i'm interested in 
can i get the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee for 
i don't have a particular area or price range, but i would like it to be a guesthouse with 
i don't have a particular area or price range, but i would like it to be a 
does that 
yes, please book for 4 people, for 4 nights, starting from 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 
hi there. can you assist me in finding a 
are there any in the 
yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at 13:45 on 
yes could you make me a reservation there for 
yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at 
sorry, i'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the pizza hut cherry hinton for 13:45 on 
sorry, i'd like to make a reservation for 
sorry, i'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the pizza hut cherry hinton for 
sorry, i'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the 
can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the 
can you give me the address for an 
an 
i was thinking 
are there any mid-range 
how about 
i am looking for a 
i do prefer that it be 
i'm also looking for a nightclub to go to located in the 
i'm also looking for a 
can i get the address and phone number for the 
i need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 
i need help finding a 
i need a 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the 
could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this 
could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 
could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 8 on 
could i book through you a table at the 
i don't have a certain area in mind. but, i would like it to have 
i don't have a certain area in mind. but, i would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a 
okay, thank you! will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting 
okay, thank you! will you please book it for 
okay, thank you! will you please book it for 5 people for 
okay, thank you! will you please book it for 5 people for 
yes 
yes. book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 5 people, 
yes. book for 5 people, 
a taxi that should leave by 
wait, i need to find a museum in the 
wait, i need to find a 
yes, can i please have the phone number for the 
yes, can i please have the phone number for the whipple 
i want to leave the 
i want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 05:30 to go to the 
i want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 
i want to visit somewhere with interesting 
i also need a place to stay. can you recommend a hotel in the 
i also need a place to stay. can you recommend a 
you know, actually come to think of it i really need something 3 star that is in the 
you know, actually come to think of it i really need something 
there are trains that run out of 
i need to get to cambridge on sunday, and i need to get there around 
i need to get to cambridge on 
i need to get to 
yes, i need a booking 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i also need a place to stay in the south with a 
please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 3 people for 
i need a train departing cambridge and arriving by 
i need a train departing 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on monday and arrive in 
i'd also like to find a place to stay. four stars, please, and on the 
are any of them 
sure, i'll need it for 2 people, 2 nights, starting 
sure, i'll need it for 
sure, i'll need it for 
i would like to find a very expensive 
i would like to find a very 
no i need to find an 
no i need to find an indian restaurant, anywhere in cambridge that is 
thanks, i also need the location of 
i'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. got any 
i want to be in the 
not yet. can i get the postcode for 
not yet. can i get the postcode for gonville 
i would like it in the 
i would like it in the centre, 
i'm looking for information on 
i need the address and entrance fee as well. also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the 
i'm not concerned about the area, but i'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 
i'd like to book a taxi between 
i'd like to book a taxi between saint john's college and the hotel, leaving the hotel at 
may have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the 
may have the name of a 
i need to find a good 
i meant train. i need a train ticket for 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and going to 
what is the first train after 
yes, please book the train for 
i need a 
i'm sorry, i actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the 
i'm sorry, i actually need that 4 star 
i will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
i will need it to be for 
i will need it to be for 
i'd like to get to cambridge by train, but i'm afraid i need to travel on 
i'd like to get to 
i am leaving from 
yes, please. i need 
perfect, thank you! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the 
perfect, thank you! i'm also looking for a 
2 people, 4 nights, for 
2 people, 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
how about on one that serves 
can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on 
can you please see if they have booking available for 
can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 
yes,please and one that serves 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
could it be in the 
no. but it should be a 
i would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
yes please. i need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 1 person for 
i also need a place to dine in the 
thank you, i'm looking for a place that serves 
sure! i need a table for 1 at 16:15 on 
sure! i need a table for 
sure! i need a table for 1 at 
well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the 
well instead, how about some kind of 
yes, i would like the phone numbers. i am also looking for a cheap 
yes, i would like the phone numbers. i am also looking for a 
great! i'll also need a taxi to go between the two. i'll need to leave the restaurant by 
i would like an inexpensive hotel on the 
i would like an inexpensive 
okay, how about mexican food in the 
okay, how about mexican food in the south? i'll be needing a table for 4 this 
okay, how about mexican food in the south? i'll be needing a table for 
okay, how about 
yes four people for 
yes four people for friday at 
what can you tell me about 
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
can you help me find an 
how about 
la mimosa sounds good. can your reserve me a table for 1 on 
la mimosa sounds good. can your reserve me a table for 
la mimosa sounds good. can your reserve me a table for 1 on saturday at 
i would like to book a train that is running on 
i would like to book a train that is running on tuesday and departs anytime after 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from cambridge and travel to 
that is great. i also want to know about a hotel called 
yes. i would like to book for 8 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes. i would like to book for 
yes. i would like to book for 8 people for 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
will need a train to arrive by 
will need a train to arrive by 17:45 and should leave on 
i am in broxbourne and need to travel to cambridge on 
i am in 
i am in broxbourne and need to travel to 
yes that will work. could you please reserve tickets for 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. a hotel in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. a 
in the 
yes. for 
yes. for friday, i'd like to book 
yes. for friday, i'd like to book 4 people for 
yes. for friday, i'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the 
i need some info on a restaurant called 
could i book a table at 17:15 on 
could i book a table at 
i need a table for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i would like something 
i would like something moderately priced and i think i would prefer a 
i am actually looking for a train to 
i'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on tuesday. i need to get there at least by 
i'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on 
i'll be flying out of the country from 
great. i also need a place to stay that is a 
great. i also need a place to stay that is a cheap 
please reserve a room for 
friday, 
i need directions to 
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on 
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on tuesday. there are 
no thanks. but i do need to book 
yes, i am also looking for a train out of cambridge for 
yes, i am also looking for a train out of 
i want to travel to 
i would like to leave after 
i want to find a place to eat 
i want to find a place to eat chinese in the 
book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 6 people at 
thanks! i'm also looking to stay at a hotel called 
yes for 6 people, 3 nights on 
yes for 
what are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the 
what are my choices for a 
yes. can you book it for two guests? we will be staying three nights beginning 
yes - are there any 
yes - are there any indian restaurants in town? something 
either is fine. i need a table for 
either is fine. i need a table for 2 the same day at 
yes, please, perhaps 
okay. let's try 
i am looking for a hotel to stay at in cambridge, at least a 
i am looking for a 
are any of them on the 
can you check the 
can you check the north side for other 
i'd prefer a 4 star in the 
i'd prefer a 
yes for 7 for 2 nights starting 
yes for 
yes, please. are there any 
i was hoping to eat 
i was hoping to eat indian food that is 
yes, please. we'd like a table for 3 at 15:30 on 
yes, please. we'd like a table for 
yes, please. we'd like a table for 3 at 
thank you for the restaurant booking. can you look for a 
sure, please book it for 3 people. we'll arrive 
sure, please book it for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
do you have one that is a 
book for 6 people and three nights starting on 
book for 
can you confirm 
can you confirm a and b guest house is in the 
okay, now i would like to find a restaurant in the 
okay, now i would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the 
choose one and surprise me. and book it for 6 people on 
choose one and surprise me. and book it for 
choose one and surprise me. and book it for 6 people on thursday at 
i'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least 
everyone keeps telling me i have to stay at 
yes, i would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 
no, please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
no, please book me at cityroomz if 
no, please book me at 
i will be traveling to cambridge and would like to dine on the 
i am looking for expensive 
i am looking for 
actually, can you tell me if the 
actually, can you tell me if the hobsons house is 
yes, i'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the 
yes. the taxi should leave the restaurant by 
i need the restaurant by 
i need a train that arrives in cambridge by 
i need a train that arrives in 
friday, departing from 
no but i need information on a restaurant called 
do they have any available tables for 
do they have any available tables for 3 at 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
i'm looking for 
how about 
no particular area, but i'm looking for an 
i'd really like to get the number for the 
ok, i would like to book a table for 4 at 13:15 on 
ok, i would like to book a table for 
ok, i would like to book a table for 4 at 
hmm.. how about 
i would also like a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 
the train needs to depart from 
the train needs to depart from kings lynn and go to 
i need to find information on the 
yes please! for 2 people on 
yes please! for 
lets do a table for two people at 14:15 on 
lets do a table for two people at 
try 
i need a hotel to stay with a 
i need a 
yes, is either of these 
how about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the 
how about a guesthouse with a 
how about a 
i think we're confusing each other. you said there was no 3-star hotel in the 
i think we're confusing each other. you said there was no 
i think we're confusing each other. you said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so i'm looking for a 3-star 
i am actually looking for a 
i'm actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of 
may i ask what type of food does 
i am looking for a museum in the 
i am looking for a 
i also need to find a hotel. i'm looking for one in the 
i also need to find a 
does the 
there are 2 of us. we will arrive on 
there are 
there are 2 of us. we will arrive on wednesday and stay for 
oh dear. what if we only stay there on 
i would like to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for places to go in cambridge. i was thinking about visiting a 
can you help me find the 
can you recommend me a 
thanks. last time i stayed in cambridge several years ago i stayed at the 
yes, i would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for an 
is it a guesthouse? i'd really like a guesthouse with 
is it a 
how about a 
i need to find a 
i don't have any in mind as long as they serve 
actually, i do not need a restaurant for now, i am look for a 
i suppose the 
i suppose the river
thank you. i am also looking to book a hotel called hobsons house for 1 person starting 
thank you. i am also looking to book a hotel called hobsons house for 
thank you. i am also looking to book a hotel called 
i'd like to find a train from 
i'd like to find a train from cambridge to 
on 
on friday, after 
i also need you to book me a room at 
i'm looking for a 
is it in the 
yes. please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this 
yes. please book it for 
yes. please book it for 7 people and for 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
you can look for 
so, my group is going to need a table at 
we are looking for a place to go while in town in the 
a 
i would also like to find a place to eat. can you find a 
i would also like to find a place to eat. can you find a gastropub restaurant in the 
so the 
i would like to be picked from cherry hinton at 22:00 and arrive at the 
i would like to be picked from cherry hinton at 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes, i would love a reservation for 
yes, i would love a reservation for tuesday for 
yes, i would love a reservation for tuesday for 3 people at 
wonderful. yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the 
i'm looking a train that is leaving on thursday but will arrive by 
i'm looking a train that is leaving on 
i'm looking a train that is leaving on thursday but will arrive by 09:30 to 
i will depart from 
that would be great. please book tickets for 
thank you. i will also need a place to stay in the 
i'm sorry, but i actually needed the hotel for 
i'm sorry, i got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 
i am looking for a 
i want to be in the area with the mall. which 
do either of those 
i will try booking at the gonville for 3 people and 4 nights starting from 
i will try booking at the gonville for 
i will try booking at the gonville for 3 people and 
i will try booking at the 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. it's called the 
yes i need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes i need to make a reservation for 
yes i need to make a reservation for 
i'm looking for for a cinema in the 
i'm looking for for a 
how much is that 
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'll need it to be 
do they have a room available for 7 people? we're staying 3 nights and checking in 
do they have a room available for 
do they have a room available for 7 people? we're staying 
i need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, i want to leave the cinema by 
hi, i'm looking to take a train on 
hi, i'm looking to take a train on tuesday and heading to 
i will be leaving from 
well i want to arrive by 
i'd like a guesthouse in the 
i'd like a 
any guesthouse in the 
any 
i would like to book 
i would like to book 
i am looking for a place in the 
i am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves 
i am going to cambridge and i am looking for the 
thank you. i'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves 
thank you. i'm also looking for a 
i need to find a train that leaves on wednesday and arrives at its destination by 
i need to find a train that leaves on 
i want to book that train for 
great, can i get the reference number for the train? also i would like to find a moderate price 
great, can i get the reference number for the train? also i would like to find a 
no. i need a train that arrives by 
no. i need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from 
sure. once again, it'll be for 
i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a restuarant in the 
i would prefer 
how about 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
can i have the address and phone number of the 
oh, i like that one. thank you! okay, i also need information about a hotel called 
i need to leave the attraction by 
i actually need a taxi from 
i actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the 
i actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the kirkwood house. i'll need to leave the church by 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
thank you. i would really like 
yes, please. 7 people at 17:00 for 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people at 
i would like an indian place in the 
i would like an 
yes. 3 people at 13:45 on 
yes. 
yes. 3 people at 
are there any wonderful 
are there any cheap 
are there any 
yes, i would prefer the 
let's go with the first one, kohinoor. do they have a table for 
let's go with the first one, kohinoor. do they have a table for 2 available at 
let's go with the first one, 
another place to eat, any type, 
another place to eat, any type, centre and 
actually, i just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 17:15. can you make me a reservation for 
actually, i just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i'd like to try some 
no. thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 3 star hotel in the 
i would like to leave the restaurant by 
no, thank you. please go ahead and make a reservation at 
it is called 
can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on 
can you make me a booking for 
can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 
can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 
thank you so much, are there any theatres in the 
thank you so much, are there any 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
thank you! i'm also looking for a 
yes, actually. i would prefer it to be a 
thanks! i also need a 
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve acorn guest house for 7 people. arriving 
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve acorn guest house for 
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve acorn guest house for 7 people. arriving sunday for 
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve 
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve acorn guest house for 7 people. arriving sunday for 
i need a train going to 
i will be departing from bishops stortford on monday and need a train that will leave that monday from bishops stortford to arrive cambridge by 
i will be departing from bishops stortford on 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from bishops stortford on monday and need a train that will leave that monday from bishops stortford to arrive 
i would like to book the 5:29 for 
thanks. i also need a 
i would like to stay on the 
yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people for 
i'm looking for 
my girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great 
definitely 
i need a taxi going from 
i need a taxi going from christ college and the 
i need a taxi going from christ college and the meze bar restaurant. i want to leave christ college at 
i need a train from 
i need a train from cambridge to 
i'd like to leave on tuesday after 
yes, please. i'll actually need 
i also need an 
hmm, i was really looking for something with 
how about 
i'd like a cheap restaurant in the 
i'd like a 
what type of food is served at 
i'm looking for a 
i am in the center are of cambridge, are there any 
i need reservations for 
i need a table for 8 at 14:30 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 8 at 
yes, i am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. possibly and 
yes, could you try the 
okay are their any 
help! i am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the 
help! i am hungry and need a 
i'm actually looking for some 
and that's in the city 
and that's in the city centre? if so, can you make us a reservation? i need it for 6 people on 
and that's in the city centre? if so, can you make us a reservation? i need it for 
i need that for 1
i need that for 
i'm on the 
i'm on the north side, please find me an 
yes please, book me for 4 people at 13:15 on 
yes please, book me for 
yes please, book me for 4 people at 
can you find me a train from leicester to cambridge on 
can you find me a train from 
can you find me a train from leicester to 
i just need to leave sometime after 
need a certain restaurant called 
yeah can you book me a table for 3 on 
yeah can you book me a table for 
15:00 on 
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to cambridge and depart from 
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to 
i would like a reservation for 
there is a certain 
it's the 
great, thanks. also, can you tell me a little about the 
yes, i would like to stay in the 
yes, i would like to stay in the north. i need free wifi. i'd like to stay in a 
yes, i would like to stay in the north. i need free wifi. i'd like to stay in a moderately priced 
that should work. can you reserve enough space for 8 people starting on 
that should work. can you reserve enough space for 
is 
is hakka 
is that in the 
can you suggest one, no wait, 
looking for a hotel that is in the 
the hotel should be in the 
the hotel should be in the 
the hotel should be in the north and doesn't need to include internet.and should be in the 
yes please, i need 2 nights for 8 people and we will be arriving on 
yes please, i need 2 nights for 
yes please, i need 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the 
i'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. i'm treating myself so anything in the 
i'd like to be in the 
i'd like to be in the centre of town. surprise me with the type! i need to book for 8 people on 
i'd like to be in the centre of town. surprise me with the type! i need to book for 
i'd like to be in the centre of town. surprise me with the type! i need to book for 8 people on wednesday 
as long as it's 
we'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by 
i am looking for a train from stevenage. it should arrive by 
i am looking for a train from 
i will be traveling to cambridge on 
i will be traveling to 
great i'm also looking to get some restaurant information on one named for 
yes please. kindly book for a table for 2 people for same 
yes please. kindly book for a table for 
yes please. kindly book for a table for 2 people for same monday by 
hello. i'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about 
ok, thanks! i'm also looking for a 
yes, i am looking for one in the 
yes, i am looking for one in the east and it should be 
actually i will book it myself. 
i'm looking for a 
yes. i would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on 
yes. i would like to book that for 
yes. i would like to book that for 
can you get it for 
i need help booking a train to 
i want to leave london kings cross on monday and arrive by 
i want to leave london kings cross on 
i want to leave 
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the 
the restaurant should serve 
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the south. the restaurant should be in the 
yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at 
hi! are there any 
very, very insanely 
yes, i need a reservation on 
yes, i need a reservation on thursday at 16:30 for 
yes, i need a reservation on thursday at 
a hotel and should include free parking, in the 
yes, i need a hotel for 
yes, i need a hotel for 4 people with free parking in the 
i would like the hotel for two nights, starting on 
hi i need a hotel that is in the 
i would like the hotel if it has a 
i would like the 
what types of guest houses are there in the 
i am 
do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting 
do they have rooms for 
do they have rooms for 5 people. for 
okay, what about 
i would love to try some 
i guess so. i guess maybe a good 
yes, i would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by 
can i please have the phone number and area for 
yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 
yes, can you tell me if that 
i would like to book a table at a 
i would like to book a table at a turkish place and is 
i will choose 
can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 7 at 
i would like to stay in a hotel that is 
i would like to stay in a 
i don't need to book at the moment, but i was interested in places to go in town. what 
i was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i was hoping to find an 
sure, i like 
yes i'll need a table for 7 on 
yes i'll need a table for 
for 
for friday for 
oh, around 17:15. but, i meant to say on 
oh, around 1
oh, around 
i'll need the train to come to 
i will be departing from leicester and would like to arrive by 
i will be departing from 
i need information of a hotel called 
could you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting 
could you make a reservation for 
could you make a reservation for 8 people for 
that doesn't really matter. what's the entrance fee and area for your favorite 
i need a restaurant. i've heard 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of cambridge. i'd like 
i want the 
i need a train that will be leaving anytime after 16:45 going to 
i need a train that will be leaving anytime after 
the destination is cambridge and i'd like it on 
the destination is 
i'll be leaving from 
i am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit. can you help me find a 
i'll need a guesthouse that has free wifi that has a rating of 
i'll need a 
yes, that will. can you please reserve a room for 4 nights beginning on 
yes, that will. can you please reserve a room for 
yes, that will. can you please reserve a room for 
i am also looking for an expensive 
i am also looking for an 
in the 
find me a cheap 
find me a 
yes, please book a table for 8 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 8 on thursday at 
i also need a 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and going to 
i want to arrive at birmingham new street by 
i want to arrive at 
yes please pick the last option and book 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
not really. i'd like a 
not really. i'd like a 4 star 
no. i do need some options for entertainment sort of attractions. in the 
no. i do need some options for 
actually, what 
could you give me the phone number and address for 
could you give me the phone number and address for downing 
yes, i'd like to stay on the 
yes, i'd like to stay on the north end of the city if possible. no too expensive, please. something that's 
i'm not sure yet. if you have a moderately priced hotel in the 
i'm not sure yet. if you have a 
i'm not sure yet. if you have a moderately priced 
could you tell me if acorn guest house is in the 
yes, i need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting 
yes, i need it for 
yes, i need it for 4 people for 
i want it to be a 
yes. i need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes. i need to book for 
yes. i need to book for 4 people for 
what is the reference number for the 
what is the reference number for the ashley 
can you book it for 
sure, i need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the 
sure, i need a hotel that is 
sure, i need a 
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the 
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the north for 4 people, 1 night on 
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the north for 
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the north for 4 people, 
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no 
all right, then let's start all over again. i need a place to stay for 
all right, then let's start all over again. i need a place to stay for 4 people 
no, but please try 
how about starting on 
yes i would like to visit a 
i need a train that is departing from 
i need a train that is departing from cambridge and is leaving after 
i need to go to 
no, i just need to leave cambridge after 12:15 on 
no, i just need to leave 
no, i just need to leave cambridge after 
no not at that time.im also looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking in the 
no not at that time.im also looking for a 
how about 
i don't have one. i just need a guesthouse in the 
i don't have one. i just need a 
no i don't. i just want to book a guest house in the 
no i don't. i just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting 
no i don't. i just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 
i'm not sure what types are available, but i am looking for something in the city 
thanks for the information. what can you tell me about a restaurant called 
yes, please. book a table for 6 people at 17:45 on 
yes, please. book a table for 
yes, please. book a table for 6 people at 
no, thanks. i will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by 
the concert hall you recommended. 
can you book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 6 people for 
yes, i also need a train from 
yes, i also need a train from cambridge to 
i'd like to leave after 10:15 on 
i'd like to leave after 
i need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the 
not really, but it should have 
not really, but it should have 4 stars and be in a 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 3 people and 2 nights starting from 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 3 people and 
are there any 
are there any cheap 
i would like to make a reservation for this 
i would like to make a reservation for this saturday for 
i would like to make a reservation for this saturday for 2 people for 
hello, i would like some suggestions for 
thank you. do you have any information about a specific hotel named the 
i am looking for a cheap 
i am looking for a 
yes. 3 people at 13:00 on 
yes. 
yes. 3 people at 
i am also looking for places to go where i can take a 
preferably in the 
i'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm actually looking for an 
is that in the 
great. i would like that. can you book us for 8 people on 
great. i would like that. can you book us for 
great. i would like that. can you book us for 8 people on thursday at 
i'm also looking for a hotel. i need free parking. it can be an 
good morning, i need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the 
i would like the hotel to be in the 
yes, please. 7 people, 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people, monday, for 
yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please book rooms for 
yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 
can you help me find a 
i was hoping for a hotel in the 
i was hoping for a hotel in the east that is 
i was hoping for a 
a 
a 4 star 
that is all i need for the 
i'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and i'd like to book it for one on 
i'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and i'd like to book it for one on saturday @ 
i'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and i'd like to book it for one on saturday @ 
i'm actually interested the 
yes, can you try for 
yes, can you try for 
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving 
i want to find a 
i do not care about the area as long as it is 
i do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and 
yes, how about a restaurant that serves 
i want a train out of stevenage on 
i want a train out of 
i want to arrive by 
i want to arrive by 11:30 at 
the one arriving at 
i also would like to find an italian restaurant to eat at in the 
i also would like to find an 
saturday at 
could you see if there's anything at 
i am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves 
i am looking for a place to dine in the 
yes, i would prefer the 
that's fine. can you find me a 
sure, i need to book it for 
i would like it to be on 
i would like it to be on friday at 
yes the 
yes, the 
a 
thanks. i also need a 
can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the 
is it cheap and in the 
is it 
hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on 
hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. i would also like the train to go to 
i would like to leave after 
the 15:34 sounds perfect. could you book me tickets for 
no, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. i would like it to be a 
okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting 
okay, please book that for 
okay, please book that for 2 people and 
okay, please book that for 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 4 star rating in the 
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 
i would like to be booked into the warkworth house starting 
i would like to be booked into the 
seven, and three nights from 
i am going to be visiting and would like a 
it should have star of 0 and should be in the 
it should have star of 
sure, i could stay at a 
sure, i could stay at a cheap 
i will take the one in 
i will take the one in centre, can you book that for 8 people starting 
i will take the one in centre, can you book that for 
i will take the one in centre, can you book that for 8 people starting friday for 
i'll be leaving cambridge on wednesday and need to arrive by 
i'll be leaving cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
i would like to find a restaurant in the 
hello i am seeking a restaurant in the 
hello i am seeking a restaurant in the west side of cambridge to eat at. please only suggest 
i would like to eat 
yes, please. i need a table for 7 at 15:30 on 
yes, please. i need a table for 
yes, please. i need a table for 7 at 
yes, i need a place to stay. something that is 
i'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 
yes please. book it for he same group of people and 
wait, i want it to go to the restaurant by 
i need to get to 
i need to get to cambridge after 
no that's ok, i'll book it later if i need to. can you tell me anything about a lodging place named "
i'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 4 nights starting on 
i'd like to go ahead and book that for 
i'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 
yes i would like to stay in an 
i need to book a train for 6 people departing at cambridge and arriving at stevenage at 
i need to book a train for 6 people departing at 
i need to book a train for 6 people departing at cambridge and arriving at 
i need it to arrive at 
could you help me find a hotel on the 
4 people. starting 
4 people. starting tuesday, 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on wednesday from 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
what about a 
um are there any 
can i get the address to the 
hi, i'd like to find out about the 
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by 
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to 
i'm departing on 
no,i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
no,i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the 
i just need it to be 
hello. could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the 
hello. could you help me locate a good 
do you have anyplace that serves 
ok i will go with 
ok i will go with italian food and pick the 
yes, please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 4 people at 
how about 
hi, i'm looking for some information about 
thank you! i'm also looking for information on the 
i would prefer to stay in the 
i've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. i need parking, wifi, and it should have a 
no, but i do need a reservation for 
no, but i do need a reservation for wednesday, 2 nights, for 
no, but i do need a reservation for wednesday, 
thanks. could you also help me locate an expensive 
thanks. could you also help me locate an 
hmm, i really want to stay near the hotel. do you have anything in the 
my hotel is in the centre, so the cambridge chop house will actually work. can you make me a booking for 3 people on 
my hotel is in the centre, so the cambridge chop house will actually work. can you make me a booking for 
my hotel is in the centre, so the 
i want to eat at 
i need to find a 
i was looking for something in the 
i'd really like to stay on the 
i'd really like to stay on the east side. what about a 
okay. what is the address and postcode for that 
i also need some info on the 
i'd like to book for 6 people starting 
i'd like to book for 
i'd like to book for 6 people starting thursday for 
i am looking for the price range and address of the 
i want a train leaving from 
i will be traveling by train, on 
yes, my destination is cambridge. i would love to arrive by 
yes, my destination is 
okay. could you also help me with a a place to stay. i am looking for a guesthouse with 
okay. could you also help me with a a place to stay. i am looking for a 
i need a place to stay with a star rating of 
that doesn't matter as long as the hotel is 
how about something 
does the city centre north b and b offer free wifi? if so, can you please book it for 
does the city centre north b and b offer free wifi? if so, can you please book it for saturday with 
does the city centre north b and b offer free wifi? if so, can you please book it for saturday with 8 guests, 
does the 
oh, we need a train departing from 
oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to 
i would like a train leaving after 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 
it should be a 
no thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that 
i am looking for a 
are there any other 
can you find me a cheap 
can you find me a 
i am looking for a 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from ely and arriving in 
i would like to leaver after 
yes, it will be for 
yes please, i'm also looking for an 
yes please, i'm also looking for an asian oriental restaurant within the 
i'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the 
i'm looking for some type of 
no, thank you. is there a museum in the 
no, thank you. is there a 
yes, thanks, i'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. do you have any listings that serve 
how about something in the 
are any of them 
i would like to book zizzi cambridge for 6 people on 
i would like to book zizzi cambridge for 
i would like to book zizzi cambridge for 6 people on sunday at 
i would like to book 
is there anything available for 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
what is the address, phone number, and price range of the 
i am looking for a 
uh, can you tell me where 
yes, i also need a place to stay i need a hotel that is 
free parking isn't that 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
i need a room for 1 person, for 5 nights, beginning on 
i need a room for 
i need a room for 1 person, for 
i'd like to try 
i'd like to try crossover food at a 
how about one that serves 
yes, please book it at 14:00 on 
yes, please book it at 
yes, please book it at 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
is there anything in the area for 
what is the address and phone number of 
can you help me find a moderately placed modern 
can you help me find a 
sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 18:30 on 
sounds good, can you book that for 
sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 
i'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and i need to get there by 12:30 on 
i'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and i need to get there by 
i there one that arrives close to the 
i am looking to get some eritrean food in the 
i am looking to get some 
can you see if there are any that serve 
any would be fine. but i need to book a table for 8 people for 
any would be fine. but i need to book a table for 
any would be fine. but i need to book a table for 8 people for sunday at 
are there any expensive restaurants in the 
are there any 
could i get the phone number and postcode for the 
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on 
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from 
train should leave after 
yes, please. i'll need tickets for 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves 
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the 
no moderately-priced thai places in the 
no moderately-priced 
no 
let's try 
on 
on sunday at 20:4
on sunday at 
hmm, let me see...i think maybe a 
hmm, let me see...i think maybe a moderately priced 
sounds great. can i book 8 people for 2 nights starting 
sounds great. can i book 
sounds great. can i book 8 people for 
i am looking for places to go in the 
are there any 
i'm hoping to find a moderately priced 
i'm hoping to find a 
can you run one more search for 
okay what about 
please. i need a reservation for 8 people at 12:45 on 
please. i need a reservation for 
please. i need a reservation for 8 people at 
yes, i would also like a hotel with free wifi in the 
no, it should be a 
yes for 8 for 3 nights starting 
yes for 
i need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves 
i need a restaurant in the 
it does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on 
it does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 
it does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 
yes. do you know anything about a place called 
i also need a taxi from the park to nandos. want to get there by 
i also need a taxi from the park to 
i am trying to find a train that leaves on 
i am trying to find a train that leaves on sunday from 
i am wanting to go to 
i am wanting to go to cambridge and leave anytime after 
i want to make a booking for 
thanks i'm also looking for a moderately priced 
thanks i'm also looking for a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the 
choose one, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
choose one, book it for 
choose one, book it for 4 people and 
thank you. i am also interested in attractions in the same area as the 
do you have any 
can you help me find a 
i'm looking for a hotel with a 
i'm looking for a 
tell me about the 
the 
i need it for 8 people, 2 nights from 
i need it for 
i need it for 8 people, 
hi, i'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the 
hi, i'm looking for 
yes, how about a museum in the 
yes, how about a 
i want a cheap restaurant that serves 
i want a 
there's nothing that serves spanish food in the cheap price range in the 
there's nothing that serves 
there's nothing that serves spanish food in the 
i'd like it for 
i'd like it for saturday at 
i'd like it for saturday at 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves 
i would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the 
i would like to find a 
ok. can we look for something on the 
please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from 
please book for 
please book for 2 people, for 
looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve 
i want the one in the 
yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 18:45 on 
yes, please book golden wok for 
yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 
yes, please book 
i am looking for a place to dine that is in the 
i am in the mood for 
let's go with 
can you list places for 
i want to leave the attraction by 
can you help me find a place to go in the 
no, not really. what's your favorite thing to do in the 
yes and i would like to find a train that arrives by 
yes and i would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to 
i will be leaving from cambridge on 
i will be leaving from 
hi! are there any 
i would like something 
i would like something cheap and a 
i would like something cheap and a 4-star rated 
can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on 
can you make me a booking for 
can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
can i have the phone number of the 
i need to take a train to 
i need to take a train to cambridge after 
i will be leaving from 
i need to depart broxbourne and travel on 
i need to depart 
yes, please for 
i'm also looking for a recommendation on mexican restaurants in the 
i'm also looking for a recommendation on 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i would like to get information about 
can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on 
can you check to see if booking is available for 
can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 
i need something else in the 
i need something else in the west, 
i would like to book a train that departs from 
i would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at 
i would like to leave on monday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
yes, please book tickets for 
can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the 
can you also recommend a 
i'd really like to try 
i am looking for a 
no, but i would like for it to be 
that will work fine. could you make a reservation for 3? i'd like it for 5 nights starting 
that will work fine. could you make a reservation for 
that will work fine. could you make a reservation for 3? i'd like it for 
is there anything cheap in the 
is there anything 
would you have something 
i am looking for a place to stay that is named 
yes. we're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. we want to check in on 
thank you, can you give me information on museums in the 
thank you, can you give me information on 
thank you. i need a taxi to leave my hotel at 
i'd like to leave by 
sorry, could i please get the postcode for the 
i want a restaurant on the 
a 
i'm looking for an attraction in the 
no. i actually would like to find a 
actually, i really don't know this area. i could use a recommendation. i just need a 
i need a place to stay in the 
sounds good. let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from 
sounds good. let's book it for 
sounds good. let's book it for 3 people on 
thank you. i need to find an 
thank you. i need to find an indian restaurant that is 
that sounds good. can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on 
that sounds good. can you reserve a table for 
that sounds good. can you reserve a table for 3 people at 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. if not then how about 
i want the most 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of 
you read my mind. 
yes, if 
can you help me find the 
yes, one person staying for two nights starting 
yes, i'm also looking for something to do on the 
i need a place to stay. what's available on the 
i'm looking for something with a 
i prefer a 
i will want to start from 
i also need information about a restaurant 
yes please. i need a table for 3 at 11:30 on 
yes please. i need a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 3 at 
i need to get a taxi. i want to go from the huntingdon to get to don pasquale by 
i need to get a taxi. i want to go from the huntingdon to get to don 
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
hi. i a looking for a 
i would like something in the 
yes. i need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes. i need a reservation for 
yes. i need a reservation for 2 people for 
sure, can you try just 
sure, can you try just 
yes i am looking for a expensive place to dine in the 
yes i am looking for a 
i am not particular about the type of food. i need it in 
are there any 
do you have any 4 star, 
do you have any 
how about one with the same features but in the 
i am looking for an 
yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the 
i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on 
i would like to book it for 
i would like to book it for 8 people for 
actually, yes. i need a taxi to pick me up from 
actually, yes. i need a taxi to pick me up from holy trinity church at 
could you provide me with information about the 
yes. i want to book it for 7 people. we will be staying for 4 nights starting from 
yes. i want to book it for 
yes. i want to book it for 7 people. we will be staying for 
yes lets look for a 3 star rating 
yes lets look for a 
i am looking for a train to cambridge. i need to arrive by 
i am looking for a train to 
i'll be heading in from 
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
i'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the 
i'm looking for an 
i would like it to serve 
i would like it to serve european food and be 
thank you very much, now i just need to get the train id, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving bishops stortford and going to cambridge by 
thank you very much, now i just need to get the train id, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving 
thank you very much, now i just need to get the train id, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving bishops stortford and going to 
can you find a 
thank you may i also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves european food. located in the 
thank you may i also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves 
thank you may i also have a name of a restaurant that is 
fantastic. can you book a table for 7 on 
fantastic. can you book a table for 
fantastic. can you book a table for 7 on saturday at 
i want to book the 
i am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting 
i am looking to book it for 4 nights for 
i am looking to book it for 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
are there any 
what about 
just me. and i need the reservation for 
make it for 
make it for 
i am actually looking for a 
lets book the 
lets book the gonville 
i need a reservation just for myself for 3 nights starting 
i don't care about price range, find me an 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
no, i want expensive 
no, i want 
please give me the names of the 4 choices and i'll make my selection. needs to be an expensive italian restaurant in the 
please give me the names of the 4 choices and i'll make my selection. needs to be an expensive 
please give me the names of the 4 choices and i'll make my selection. needs to be an 
i would like to book a reservation for 8 on 
i would like to book a reservation for 
i would like to book a reservation for 8 on sunday at 
i would like to book a reservation for 8 on sunday at 16:45 at 
im sorry for being so loop, how about a 
i will be need a taxi also to get from 
just one more thing. what is the entrance fee for the 
i'm looking to book a train to cambridge. i need it to arrive by 
i'm looking to book a train to 
i'm looking to book a train to 
i need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 
i need to go to leicester on 
i need to go to 
can you check for italian restaruants in the 
can you check for 
i'm looking for a 
yes, please book a table for 5 at 13:30 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 5 at 
do you have any information on a restaurant called the 
can you please book that for 
can you please book that for friday at 1
can you please book that for friday at 
how about 12:15 on 
how about 
thanks. can you help me find a train to 
i would like to leave after 17:15 on 
hi, i'd like a 
actually, i don't have a lot to spend. do you have anything in a 
okay, why don't we splurge a little. how about telling me what you've got that's 
i'd like to book a room at the gonville for 5 people. we'll arrive on 
i'd like to book a room at the gonville for 
i'd like to book a room at the gonville for 5 people. we'll arrive on saturday and will stay for 
i'd like to book a room at the 
i am also looking to eating italian, in the 
i am also looking to eating 
could you help me find a restaurant with 
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the 
maybe one that serves 
ok, sounds good. could i make a reservation for 3 for 
ok, sounds good. could i make a reservation for 
ok, sounds good. could i make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 
it doesn't matter but i would like a 
yes please make those for 
i am looking for a train departing from 
i actually need to go to birmingham new street by 
i actually need to go to birmingham new street by 13:45 on 
i actually need to go to 
no, i would just like something expensive. i like the 
no, i would just like something 
i am looking for a greek restaurant on the 
i am looking for a 
tang chinese. once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on 
tang chinese. once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 
tang chinese. once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 
are you sure? could you please remove my eastern greek preference and look by name for 
are you sure? i really need to find a place called 
yes, for 6 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 6 on tuesday at 
i'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from stansted airport to 
hi, i'm looking for something to do in the 
hi, i'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be 
could you find some interesting 
could you find me something 
that's not necessary. i want to book a table for 1 person at 15:45 on 
that's not necessary. i want to book a table for 
that's not necessary. i want to book a table for 1 person at 
how about 
how about 
i'm looking for a 
could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the 
hello! what can you tell me about the 
sounds good! i'd like to book a table for four at 14:00 on 
sounds good! i'd like to book a table for four at 1
sounds good! i'd like to book a table for four at 
could you change the time to 
great i am also looking to find the 
yes. can you book for 4 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes. can you book for 
i need an 
yes and book one in the 
just one, and can you book me for 
just one, and can you book me for 
sure, for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
1 room, and i'll need it for 2 nights starting 
1 room, and i'll need it for 
i am also looking for a train on the same day to 
i would like information about 
yeah i'd like to stay in the 
should have a star of 
yes. book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 3 people for 
can i get a taxi from the attraction to rosa's b&b by 
can i get a taxi from the attraction to 
i need a train going to cambridge, departing from london liverpool street on tuesday and would like to arrive by 
i need a train going to cambridge, departing from london liverpool street on 
i need a train going to cambridge, departing from 
i need a train going to 
i'd like to book for 
can you give me info on 
i am looking for a 
yes, in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from 
yes, let's look for an 
can you check again to see if there are any 
yes, i also need a train that will be departing from kings lynn on 
yes, i also need a train that will be departing from 
i would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by 
i would like a train headed to 
yes. i want to book 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
it doesn't matter as long as it has free parking. are there any with 
can you try a 
i don't care about the price range. can you book it for 4 nights? there will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on 
i don't care about the price range. can you book it for 4 nights? there will be 
i don't care about the price range. can you book it for 
i don't care about the price range. can you book it for 
can you find me a good restaurant in the city 
i don't really have one but would like to try a 
sounds great. would you book me a table for 8, for 
sounds great. would you book me a table for 
sounds great. would you book me a table for 8, for monday at 
the attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. a 
hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the 
hey, are there any 
i would like to just find something 
hi! i'm looking for someplace to go in the 
yes, i'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1. it should be in the city 
yes, i'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 
yes, i'm looking for a 
do you have any 
i also need a taxi to get to little saint mary's church by 
i also need a taxi to get to 
i'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from 
i'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from saint mary's church by 
hello, can you help me find a four star place to stay in the 
please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting on 
please book it for 
please book it for 6 people for 
please book it for 6 people for 
yes, could you try just for one night starting on 
i need an 
no, i don't have a preference. but i want something in the 
no, i don't have a preference. but i want something in the west and is 
i don't have a preference but i need the reservation at 15:15 for 6 people on 
i don't have a preference but i need the reservation at 15:15 for 
i don't have a preference but i need the reservation at 
it is called 
what is the entrance fee for 
no, i'd just like for it to be in the 
no, i'd just like for it to be in the east and 
yes book that for 5 people at 15:00 on 
yes book that for 
yes book that for 5 people at 
can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can you recommend me a 
what is the address and phone number of the 
hello, are there any indian restaurants in the city 
hello, are there any 
ok book us fir 8 on 
ok book us fir 
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 
yeah. i'd like a moderately priced 
yeah. i'd like a 
okay, can we try modern 
great can you book that for 4 people at 17:45 on 
great can you book that for 
great can you book that for 4 people at 
anytime after 17:00 on 
anytime after 17:00 on thursday going to 
anytime after 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in 
yes book it for 
i'm looking for information on 
great! can i book a table for lunch 
i need a booking for 4 people at 12:00 on 
i need a booking for 
i need a booking for 4 people at 
i also need to get to norwich on thursday and i need to be there at or just before 
i also need to get to norwich on 
i also need to get to 
well, thursday. have to get there from cambridge by 
well, 
well, thursday. have to get there from 
i need to book a train leaving from 
i need to leave after 11:30 on 
i need to leave after 11:30 on tuesday. i'm traveling to 
i need to leave after 
can you find me a restaurant that serves afghan food and is located in the 
can you find me a restaurant that serves 
how about 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 4 people at 
can you help me find a theatre in the 
can you help me find a 
thanks! i am also looking for information on a restaurant named the 
book for 4 people on 
book for 
book for 4 people on monday at 
can you recommend a hotel in the 
can you recommend a 
does that hotel have a 
does that 
any area is fine as long as it is a 
any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star 
no 3 star places to stay in the 
no 
are there any 
hello, i'm in the 
hello, i'm in the west and i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i would like it to be italian, and in the 
i would like it to be 
book a table for 7 at 14:45 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 7 at 
i also need the area and address of an attraction called 
can you find me a place to say in the 
are there any in the 
yes please i need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from 
yes please i need a booking for 
yes please i need a booking for 4 people and 
i am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 
cheap price range and a 
thank you. i also need a train on 
the train departs from king's lynn on 
the train departs from king's lynn on friday at 12:30 and goes to 
the train departs from king's lynn on friday at 
yes, that would work for me. can you book me 
could you please find me a 
could you please find me a 4 star 
it's going to be for 8 people and 2 nights, starting 
it's going to be for 
it's going to be for 8 people and 
i need a 
yes, i would like to stay in the 
i would like a 
yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on 
yes please for 4 people for 
yes please for 
i am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for 
i am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for sunday departing from 
i am also looking for help finding a train to 
it should arrive by 
i need to leave stevenage on 
i need to leave 
i don't have a departure time preference but i would like to arrive by 
the 
the south . and make it a 
yes please. i need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from 
yes please. i need a room for 
yes please. i need a room for 8 and 
what is a cheap restaurant in the 
what is a 
is there anything else? if not, 
i am looking for a train that departs from 
i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 
the train should leave on friday and should go to 
thank you. i'm also looking for a particular hotel called the 
yes i need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from 
yes i need a room for just myself for 
please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves 
please recommend me an 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
anything in the 
definitely something moderately priced. if you can't find venetian, how about 
definitely something 
okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on 
okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 
okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 
i'm looking for a place that has 
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i'd like a 
i am looking for a 
any area as fine, as long as it has 
yes, that sounds great! can i get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving 
yes, that sounds great! can i get it for 
yes, that sounds great! can i get it for 8 people for 
yes, that sounds great! can i get it for 8 people for 
how about for 
great. are there any trains that go directly from 
great. are there any trains that go directly from cambridge to 
i'm looking for architectural attactions in the 
could i get the phone number and address for 
bonjour, i need a 
i don't care, a hotel or guesthouse. pick a good four star, with wifi and parking. i need to book for 
great. i have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting 
great. i have 
great. i have 7 people and need it for 
i'm looking for a 
i want to leave cambridge to birmingham new street and arrive by 
i want to leave 
i want to leave cambridge to 
that's perfect. i also need a hotel to stay in. should be rated 
anywhere in the 
no particular price range. i would like to stay in a 
no particular price range. i would like to stay in a 4 star 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
can you book it for 8 people on 
can you book it for 
can you book it for 8 people on sunday at 
sorry, i actually wanted somewhere in the 
i want a cheap italian restaurant in the 
i want a cheap 
i want a 
i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like to find a 
i am looking for places to go in the 
actually, i would prefer the 
thank you, can you also find a restaurant called 
can you reserve a table there for 2 people on 
can you reserve a table there for 
can you reserve a table there for 2 people on wednesday at 
i don't really mind about price, but i would like a 4 star guesthouse with wifi located on the 
i don't really mind about price, but i would like a 
i don't really mind about price, but i would like a 4 star 
yes i would. i need it for 3 nights & 3 people starting on 
yes i would. i need it for 
yes i would. i need it for 
i am looking for 
will i be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the 
will i be able to find any 
i would like a 
can you book acorn guest house for 4 people for 2 nights starting 
can you book acorn guest house for 
can you book acorn guest house for 4 people for 
can you book 
i need a train going to cambridge and arriving by 
i need a train going to 
i will need to leave from 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i would like a 
no, the 
i don't have a preference as long as it's moderately priced and in the 
i don't have a preference as long as it's 
could you give me some information on a hotel named 
i would like to make a booking for 
the booking is for just one ferret for 
no, that was a typo. 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
no, that was a typo. 
no, that was a typo. 1 person for 
try 
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at 
the hotel please from 
no. i would like to leave 
no. i would like to leave el shaddai at 
where can i find 
how about an expensive malaysian restraint in the 
how about an expensive 
how about an 
yes, please. how about 
perfect, yes. i want a table for 5 at 16:00 on 
perfect, yes. i want a table for 
perfect, yes. i want a table for 5 at 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
yeah i need a reservation for 
i'd like to eat at 
im looking for a museum in the 
im looking for a 
i also need to book a guesthouse in the 
sure. i'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning 
sure. i'll need rooms for 
sure. i'll need rooms for 
i need picked up at the hotel by 
could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of 
could you find me a room at a four star 
is that a 
the area doesn't matter as long as it's a 
the area doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star 
sounds great, what is the address to that 
can you help me find a cheap chinese place in the 
can you help me find a cheap 
certainly. i'd like to know what sorts of attractions are available on the 
yes, please. could you give me the name of the 
okay and how about a guesthous in the 
that sounds good. i'll need reservations for 7 people for 5 nights, starting from 
that sounds good. i'll need reservations for 
that sounds good. i'll need reservations for 7 people for 
you were able to get me 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
it doesn't matter. i'm particularly interested in 
then how about somewhere serving 
hi i need to find a place to dine serving 
hi i need to find a place to dine serving vietnamese food in the 
can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on 
can you book me a table for 
can you book me a table for 7 people at 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that goes to 
i would like to leave after 
i will be departing from 
yes, whichever train has seats available for 
yes, i am looking to book a room at the 
yes bookit for the same group of people 
let's try for 
let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then 
can you help me find a 
okay, great. i'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. i'd like it to be 
where is a good cheap 
where is a good 
is there anything that is cheap, and in the 
is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve 
is there anything that is 
yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving 
yes, can you find me a 
i also am looking for a hotel with a 
i am looking for a cheap place in the 
i am looking for a 
can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? i am wanting to leave the hotel by 
yes i am looking for a 
i don't care where it is located. i would like an actual 
yes, i would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 8 people and 
yes, i would like to book it for 8 people and 
i am also interested in places to go in the 
yes i am looking for a 
i want to leave at 
i need information about colleges in the 
i need information about 
i am also looking for a 
i am looking for 
great. can you please make a reservation for 4? we'd like to arrive around 18:45 on 
great. can you please make a reservation for 
great. can you please make a reservation for 4? we'd like to arrive around 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i am looking for a 
yes please, 4 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes please, 
yes please, 4 people for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i would prefer a 
yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes please go ahead and book for 
yes please go ahead and book for 
i am also looking for some places to go in the 
please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 
i would like to find a train that leaves on friday and arrives by 
i would like to find a train that leaves on 
i need to go from broxbourne to cambridge by 
i need to go from 
i need to go from broxbourne to 
i also need a suggestion for a cheap restaurant in the 
i also need a suggestion for a 
can you give me the reference number for the train? i would like cheap 
can you give me the reference number for the train? i would like 
don't worry about booking the train. i just need a reservation for zizzi cambridge for 
don't worry about booking the train. i just need a reservation for zizzi cambridge for 8 people at 
don't worry about booking the train. i just need a reservation for 
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
no, i can do that. i am looking for places to go in town, a 
in the 
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i need a train departing from 
i need a train departing from cambridge going to 
i'll be going on 
i'll be going on wednesday, after 
that's perfect. i need 
thank you. i also need information on a hotel called 
i just want information the the 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
how about 
i'm looking for a train that departs cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that departs 
i would like to leave after 16:30 and would like to go to 
i would like to leave after 
alright, are there any 
are there any with 
i need the postcode, hotel type, and price range for the 
i need the postcode, 
forget about booking it, just please tell me what type of 
i'd like a 
i'd like a moderately priced 
somewhere in the 
no thanks, can you help me find a 
i also need a taxi. ill need to leave 
i also need a taxi. ill need to leave club salsa by 15:45 and go to 
i also need a taxi. ill need to leave club salsa by 
i'm looking for an attraction called 
yes, i need a moderately priced restaurant in the 
yes, i need a 
i'm looking for places to go in town. the attractions should be in the 
book me for a 
i also am looking for a 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
that sounds nice, i need to arrive on 
that sounds nice, i need to arrive on sunday, i will have 
that sounds nice, i need to arrive on sunday, i will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 
thank you! will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at 
hi, i'm looking for an 
thai food, in the 
there are 2 of us. i need the reservation for 14:30 on 
there are 
there are 2 of us. i need the reservation for 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a 
what is the post code for the 
what is the post code for the gonville 
i want to find an 
i want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 
i want to find an expensive 
could you book that for me? i'll need it 
could you book that for me? i'll need it friday for 
try just 
try just 
i would like to leave girton college by 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave girton college by 06:00 and arrive at the 
hi! can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the 
actually, i'm not quite done. would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? we'll be arriving on 
actually, i'm not quite done. would you please book the hotel for 
actually, i'm not quite done. would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 
okay, how about a booking for 
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i want something 
let's book peking for 1 person on 
let's book peking for 
let's book peking for 1 person on friday at 
let's book 
can you help me find a place to eat in the expensive price range in the 
can you help me find a place to eat in the 
yes! can you book for 2 people at 14:15 on this 
yes! can you book for 
yes! can you book for 2 people at 
actually yes i will be needing somewhere to stay too please. a 
actually yes i will be needing somewhere to stay too please. a 3 star 
yes please, two people for two nights on 
i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves 
i am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking to find an 
no thank you. are there any 
i also need a taxi to pick me up from 
i also need a taxi to pick me up from milton country park by 
my destination is 
it should have a star of 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a hotel in the west with a 
i'm looking for a 
it doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 
it doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star 
yes, i'd like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i'd like to book there for 
yes, i'd like to book there for 3 people for 
yes, i'd like to book there for 
yes. please look for any 
yes, that would be fine. the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the 
do you have 
can you try 
okay, can you book a reservation at the oak bistro please? i need it to be for 4 people on 
okay, can you book a reservation at the oak bistro please? i need it to be for 
okay, can you book a reservation at the oak bistro please? i need it to be for 4 people on thursday at 
okay, can you book a reservation at 
i also need a place to go in the 
are there any boating attractions in the 
i need transportation, specifically a train from birmingham new street. i need one that gets to my destination by 
i need transportation, specifically a train from 
yes, i've heard great things about the 
will you book a table for 3 on 
will you book a table for 
will you book a table for 3 on monday at 
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the 
i am looking for a 
could i book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
could i book it for 
could i book it for 7 people for 
thank you. yes, i need a train leaving 
thank you. yes, i need a train leaving cambridge to go to 
i'd like to leave on 
i'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:15 and arrive at 
i'd like to leave on tuesday after 
i'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the 
i'm looking to find lodging in a 
i need it to be a 
thank you. can you book the lensfield for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on 
thank you. can you book the lensfield for 
thank you. can you book the lensfield for 7 people and 
thank you. can you book the 
also looking for information on 
it should be there by 
i'm looking for a hotel named 
no just need the address and do they have free internet? i am also looking for a nice place to eat called the 
thank you, i want to book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on 
thank you, i want to book a table for 
thank you, i want to book a table for 8 people at 
thanks. what was the address for 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i am looking for a moderately priced 3 star 
yes, i would like a hotel in the 
yes, i would like a hotel in the moderate price range with 
yes, i would like a 
i would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 3 star hotels. i would like to stay in the 
i would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 
i would be open to a 
i would like to stay in the 
no thanks. not today. but i could use some help finding a train from 
no thanks. not today. but i could use some help finding a train from leicester to 
it needs to leave after 
just to check, does tr9629 leave on 
yes, i in am interested in an 
are there any restaurants serving 
how about something serving 
in the 
how about 
how about tuesday at 
i would like to commute between 
i would like to commute between graffiti and 
i want to leave the attraction by 
i'm looking for someplace to get 
oh, i really need something 
could you try an 
yes, that would be great! could you please book a table for 5 people at 16:45 on 
yes, that would be great! could you please book a table for 
yes, that would be great! could you please book a table for 5 people at 
thank you. i also need a train from stansted airport to cambridge that will arrive by 
thank you. i also need a train from 
thank you. i also need a train from stansted airport to 
yes please make a reservation for 
i want a train leaving from 
i would like to leave after 14:30 and go to 
i would like to leave after 
i'm planning to leave on 
as long as you mean a 15:16 departure, i'll take 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. preferably a 
i don't have a preference for either, but i'd like it to be in the type of 
the 
i want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 
i want to find a 
yes i need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes i need it for 
yes i need it for 3 people for 
yes i need it for 
i also need a train. leaving from 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on wednesday and i'm going to 
i'll need to arrive by 
what time does the one that leaves at 06:01 arrive in 
what time does the one that leaves at 
that sounds perfect. i need that for 
hi. this might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves 
how about 
i need to find a place to visit while in town. what attractions are in 
i'd like to see a 
is it free? i also am looking for a 
i'm looking for something 
i want to leave at least by 
hi, i am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the 
hi, i am looking for a nice 
okay, thanks. i'm also looking for a place to eat that serves 
how about a 
can i get the address and number to 
i would like to leave at 
hello! this is my first time to cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the 
hello! this is my first time to cambridge, can you recommend a good, 
actually, i'm in the mood for 
ok. how about an expensive 
ok. how about an 
sure. book it for 4 people at 11:45 on a 
sure. book it for 
sure. book it for 4 people at 
no i would prefer a 
that sounds good. i also need to book a taxi to go from the 
i would like to find a taxi to the centre of cambridge to an american 
i would like to book a train from peterborough to cambridge on 
i would like to book a train from 
i would like to book a train from peterborough to 
i would like to book a train from peterborough to cambridge on tuesday leaving after 
i think i asked for that wrong...i'm sorry. i'd like to go to peterborough from cambridge on 
i think i asked for that wrong...i'm sorry. i'd like to go to peterborough from 
i think i asked for that wrong...i'm sorry. i'd like to go to 
i think i asked for that wrong...i'm sorry. i'd like to go to peterborough from cambridge on tuesday after 
yes, i need it for two people and i need the reference number. i also need a 
in the 
in the north, please. i'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 
in the north, please. i'm looking for a 
yes please. can you book it for 2 people? we'd like to arrive 
yes please. can you book it for 
yes please. can you book it for 2 people? we'd like to arrive thursday and stay for 
yes 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
do any of the hotels have 
do any of the 
that's in the 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 2 people and 
i am visiting cambridge and need a place to stay in the 
the hotel should be in the 
the 
i'll be staying for 3 nights starting on 
i'll be staying for 
i need it for 
great. i also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. preferably an 
how about a 
hello, i'm looking for a hotel that is 
hello, i'm looking for a 
yes, the 
no, i just need one of them that is 
yea that sounds good. can i book for 5 people and 4 nights starting 
yea that sounds good. can i book for 
yea that sounds good. can i book for 5 people and 
can we try for 
i am looking for a place to go in the city 
i am looking for a cheap place to stay in the 
i am looking for a 
i would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the 
i would like one that it relatively 
is that a 4-star place? i would like a 4-star place, even though i need it to be 
is that a 
the train should leave 
the train should leave monday after 
yes, go ahead and book 
yes, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on 
great can you book it for 
great can you book it for 1 person at 
i am looking for information on a restaurant called 
i would like to book a table for 15:00 on 
i would like to book a table for 15:00 on tuesday for 
i would like to book a table for 
great, thank you. i'm also looking for a 
hi, i'm looking for a train departing 
hi, i'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 
i am traveling to london kings cross from 
i am traveling to 
i will be traveling on 
thanks! i also need a guesthouse to stay in in the 
thanks! i also need a 
it doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. i will take a suggestion as i'm 
yes i would like to book it for 
please suggest to me a 
no, but i would like it to be 
ok, i would like to book it for 
ok, i would like to book it for 7 people for 
i want a 
sounds great! can you book a room for 7 people for 5 nights? we'll be arriving on 
sounds great! can you book a room for 
sounds great! can you book a room for 7 people for 
thanks! i'd also like to book a table at ian hong house. it will need to be on the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 
thanks! i'd also like to book a table at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
i would like a restaurant that serves european food in the 
yes, i'm also looking for an attraction called 
i also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, i want to leave the restaurant by 
hello, can you give me information about 
price is of no concern since i just won the lottery. please book a room starting on 
price is of no concern since i just won the lottery. please book a room starting on monday for 
price is of no concern since i just won the lottery. please book a room starting on monday for 2 people for 
yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. i prefer the 
i am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at 
i'm looking for a place to stay in 
i'm looking for a two star hotel with free wifi. is there anything like that in the 
i'm looking for a two star 
maybe i could stay in the 
maybe i could stay in the north. can you please look there for a 
maybe i could stay in the north. can you please look there for a 2 star 
yes i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes i want to book it for 
yes i want to book it for 8 people and 
that sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 
that sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for thursday for 
that sounds good can you book it for 
have you heard of 
does cambridge have an establishment called the 
yes, please! i need a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 on 
yes, please! i need a reservation for 
yes, please! i need a reservation for 2 people at 
yes. i would like a hotel in the 
yes, i am looking for a four star hotel in the 
yes, please! same group of people as the restaurant, same day. we'll want to stay for 
yes, please! same group of people as the restaurant, same day. we'll want to stay for 
i am looking for a danish restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
yes, please look for 
i was thinking about going to 
thanks! i also need a place to dine in the 
sure, let's try for 
sure, let's try for chinese then instead. i want somewhere 
i really want 
okay, great. can you book that for me then? it'll be on 
okay, great. can you book that for me then? it'll be on saturday at 
okay, great. can you book that for me then? it'll be on saturday at 
i'm looking to visit the 
yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the moderate price range located in the 
yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the 
not in british food. are there any that serve 
could you just give me the number for 
i need it to have 
i don't have a price range, just whatever will get me a good hotel in the 
are there any inexpensive 
is it a 
yeah area doesn't matter. just choose one cheap 
yeah area doesn't matter. just choose one 
can you help me find a place to stay that is 
free parking and 
yes, can you check the 
yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 5 nights? i want to get there on 
yeah, can you book it for 
yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 
ok. i need a train after 14:00 on 
ok. i need a train after 1
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called the 
i would like to book a table there for 1 person on 
i would like to book a table there for 
i would like to book a table there for 1 person on sunday at 
i am traveling from peterborough to cambridge. need to be there by 
i am traveling from 
i am traveling from peterborough to 
i would like to arrive by 
yes please get me 
hi, i'm looking for the 
yes. i would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on 
yes. i would like to book it for 
i am also looking for a place to eat. it should serve 
i am also looking for a place to eat. it should serve bistro food and be 
yes please, could you look for a 
yes please, could you look for a chinese retaurant in the 
it does not matter. pick and book me at one on 
it does not matter. pick and book me at one on monday, for four people at 
can you find me a place to eat? i want something cheap and 
can you find me a place to eat? i want something 
is this in the 
yes. book it for 6 people at 18:15 on 
yes. book it for 
yes. book it for 6 people at 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 4 star hotel in the 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 
i am looking for a 
ok, how about a 
yes! please book me for a 4 night stay, starting 
yes! please book me for a 4 night stay, starting monday, for 
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 
is there a train i can take from 
is there a train i can take from cambridge that leaves after 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on sunday and go 
i also need a place to stay in the 
no, but i do need free parking and wifi. also, are there any 
could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting 
could you book it for 
could you book it for 3 people and 
need restaurant thats expensive and in the 
need restaurant thats 
it really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the 
it really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely 
i'm also looking for a train on thursday, to depart from cambridge and arrive at broxbourne by 
i'm also looking for a train on 
i'm also looking for a train on thursday, to depart from 
i'm also looking for a train on thursday, to depart from cambridge and arrive at 
that sounds fine. i need tickets for 
i am searching for a lebanese restaurant in the 
i am searching for a 
how about 
is that in the 
i am looking for a restaurant, it's called 
yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on 
yes i want to book a table for 
yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 
hi, i'm looking for restaurants in the area. could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town 
hi, i'm looking for restaurants in the area. could you recommend any 
yes, please. for 6 people at 17:15 on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 6 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking, my price range is on the 
yes, i'm thinking i'd like it to be in the 
what about any in the 
yes, can you please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes, can you please book it for 
yes, can you please book it for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
can you help me find a 
indian would be good as long as it's in the center. i need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a 
indian would be good as long as it's in the center. i need to book a table for 
indian would be good as long as it's in the center. i need to book a table for 2 people at 
yes can you try 
do you have anything available for 
how about 
hello. i would like to visit an attraction called 
the hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. the hotel should be in the 
the 
is that an actual 
yes, i need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, i'll need to leave by 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from byard art by 
thanks for the help with the museum, 
hello i am looking for a place in the 
hello i am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve 
hakka sounds good, i'm looking for something 
yes, please! there will be 5 of us on 
yes, please! there will be 
yes, please! there will be 5 of us on wednesday at 
thanks so much. i also need train tickets for 
from leicester please. i need to arrive in cambridge by 
from 
from leicester please. i need to arrive in 
yes. the hotel should be 4 stars and located in the 
yes. the hotel should be 
i would like it starting thursday for 
i would like it starting thursday for 8 people for 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i'd like to dine at an 
i am really looking for something that offers 
yes. book for 3 people on 
yes. book for 
yes. book for 3 people on monday at 
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve 
sounds great! can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on 
sounds great! can you help me book a reservation for 
any trains departing 
i'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. i need to be there by 
i'm leaving 
i'm leaving sunday on a trip to 
yes, that would be great. can you book me on that train for 
does the university arms hotel have 
hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the 
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
yes, i would like to dine at an 
yes, i would like 
oh darn it. how about one that offers 
eraina sounds great. could you please make a reservation for 4 people on 
eraina sounds great. could you please make a reservation for 
eraina sounds great. could you please make a reservation for 4 people on sunday at 
i want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the eraina restaurant in time for my 
i want to leave from 
i want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the 
can you tell me more about 
yes please, a table for 6 people at 13:15 on 
yes please, a table for 
yes please, a table for 6 people at 
what can you tell me about attractions in the 
how about the postcode and attraction type for 
i need a taxi from 
i'm looking for a nice 
i don't care about the area. could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on 
i don't care about the area. could you book a table for 
i don't care about the area. could you book a table for 5 at 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the city 
do you have any that would be 
no, i need it to be moderately priced. is there a hotel with free parking in the 
no, i need it to be 
hi. i'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. do you have any listings that fall in the 
that would be great, can i also have the postcode and address for 
i need a train going to cambridge on 
i need a train going to 
i will be departing from broxbourne on 
i will be departing from 
i just need to arrive at or a little before 
yes. i also am looking for a hotel called 
thanks! i'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 3 nights starting 
thanks! i'd like to book at the worth house for 
thanks! i'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 
thanks! i'd like to book at the 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves 
i would like a 
is there a cheap 
is there a 
hi, can you help me find a 
hi, can you help me find a 4 star 
yes, please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 1 person staying 
how about 
i need a train leaving after 14:30 on 
i need a train leaving after 
hi, i'm looking for a train to kings lynn from 
hi, i'm looking for a train to 
actually i need a booking for 
yes i need a place to eat that is in the 
yes i need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves 
i'm looking for something to do in the 
actually the restaurant i have in mind is 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for friday for 
yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at 
i will be arriving from 
i'm not too concerned about price. is the acorn guest house in the 
i'm not too concerned about price. is the 
yes, i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, i want to book it for 
yes, i want to book it for 8 people and 
yes, i am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
how about a type of 
i need to leave the attraction by 
i will be in cambridge and need a place to go for entertainment in the 
i will be in cambridge and need a place to go for 
are there any museums in the 
are there any 
i need a place to stay, a hotel in the 
i need a place to stay, a 
no thanks. i meant that i need a hotel in the 
no thanks. i meant that i need a hotel in the centre. preferably 
no thanks. i meant that i need a 
can you help me find a train leaving peterborough that arrives by 
can you help me find a train leaving 
i need to go to cambridge on 
i need to go to 
i'd like it to be 
i would love if it were a 
i would love if it were a 2 star place. and a 
perfect, i need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from 
perfect, i need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from monday. if that fails try 
perfect, i need to book it for 
perfect, i need to book it for 
hi. i'm looking for a relatively expensive 
hi. i'm looking for a relatively 
are there any expensive international food places in the 
are there any expensive 
are there any 
how about one that serves 
well. i also need the hotel called 
i would like to know if you can book me a room for 5 nights starting 
i would like to know if you can book me a room for 
i need the bridge guest house for 
i need the 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food in the 
how about any restaurant in the 
i think i'd like to try 
yes please, for 3 people t 15:30 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 3 people t 
are there any available rooms in the 
i am also looking for 
awesome. can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? i want to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in. i prefer something in the 
i'd like a place with 
i want the one in the 
wednesday for 
i also need a train going to leincester from 
hi, i'm looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by 
hi, i'm looking for a train that leaves on 
from 
from cambridge to 
can you also get me the postcode for 
i need to take a train to here. i want to arrive by monday at 
i need to take a train to here. i want to arrive by 
i'll be going from 
i'll be going from cambridge to 
i also need a moderate restaurant in the town 
i also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves 
i also need a 
yes. please reserve for 5 people on 
yes. please reserve for 
yes. please reserve for 5 people on monday at 
i'm trying to find a restaurant called 
i'd like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on 
i'd like to book it for 
i'd like to book it for 3 people at 
i am looking for a place to stay, preferably a 
it should be on the 
i would prefer in the 
why don't we go with the 
can you book a room for 
can you book a room for friday for 
can you book a room for friday for 5 people, 
not really. i will pick one that interests me. could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at 
i am looking for a train leaving sunday that's going to 
need to arrive by 
yes can you get me 
i am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the 
i would like something in the 
i would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from cambridge and my destination is the 
i would like to leave cambridge on 
i would like to leave 
i would like to leave cambridge on monday after 
no thank you. i will just need the train id and travel time of the first one leaving after 
i also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the south with a star of 
hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the 
hello, is there any 
any of them a type of 
can you help me find a 
actually, yes. i am really in the mood for good 
i would like a moderately priced one on the 
i would like a 
i need to leave clare 
i need to leave clare hall by 24:45 going to 
i need to leave clare hall by 
i am looking for somewhere to stay in the 
yes, i would like it to be 
yes, i would like it to be cheap and a type of 
which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this 
which one would be available to book 
which one would be available to book 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes! i'd like a reservation for this 
yes! i'd like a reservation for this sunday at 
would it be possible to book the same restaurant at 
yes. i would also like to take a train on 
departure is 
departure is peterborough and arrival is 
i'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on 
i'm looking for a train departing from 
yes, i don't want to leave for 
yes, i don't want to leave for cambridge until 
yes, for 
thank you. i also need a hotel in the 
no price range but i do want a 
that sounds great. i'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on 
that sounds great. i'll need a reservation for 
that sounds great. i'll need a reservation for 6 people for 
that sounds great. i'll need a reservation for 6 people for 
i need a 
i would like an italian restaurant in the 
i would like an 
yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on 
yes can you book for 
yes can you book for 6 people at 
that's disappointing. is there anything else 
sure, as long as it's in the 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the 
i am looking for an upscale, 
8 people at 
i'm also looking for an upscale, 
it absolutely must be a 
it absolutely must be a 3-star 
yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting monday, provide reference number. also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 
hi, i need a place to stay in the 
i'd like a 
i'd prefer a 
i'd be interested in the 
i'd be interested in the ashley 
how about you look for a type of 
hello. i'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves 
how about 
hi, i am planning a trip to 
i will be departing from 
leaving on monday after 9:15. i would like a booking for 
leaving on 
leaving on monday after 
could you also look up the hotel called 
i would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
i would like to book it for 
i would like to book it for 3 people for 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
price doesn't really matter, but the 
i am also looking for a place to go in the 
really would like to find a place that serves indian food in the 
really would like to find a place that serves 
how about the 
i am also looking for a train that goes to 
i'll be leaving stevenage. i'd like to arrive by 
i'll be leaving 
would be traveling on 
that would be great. ill need 
can you help me find information about a hotel called 
thanks. i also need a train departing from cambridge on 
thanks. i also need a train departing from 
i would like to go to 
i would like to go to stevenage and leave after 
please do. i need 
how about a 
i would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 
what can you tell me about the 
i need to book 8 people for 4 nights starting on 
i need to book 
i need to book 8 people for 
yes, could you help me find a 
yes, could you help me find a steakhouse that is 
yes can you find me a restaurant that serves 
i want the restaurant to be in the 
yes, i want to book the restaurant please. for 
yes, i want to book the restaurant please. for 8 people at 
that does not matter but i would like it in the 
let's put the pool on hold. i forgot to ask you to book the alexander for me. it is just me for two nights beginning 
let's put the pool on hold. i forgot to ask you to book the 
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 
i would like a swimming pool at the 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the 
i really like 
yes. are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 20:00 on 
yes. are you able to make reservations for 
yes. are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a 4 star 
i'm looking for a place in the 
no i'll take care of that later. but can you arrange a taxi for me? going from the hotel to 
i'd like information about a restaurant in 
i'd like information about a restaurant in south that serves 
how about 
i will be visiting cambridge soon and need a place to stay. i am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 
i will be visiting cambridge soon and need a place to stay. i am looking for a 
what are my options on the 
ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting 
ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 
ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? i need 
do you have one in the 
do you have one in the east with an 
yes, please. for 6 people for 3 nights starting on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 6 people for 
i need information on a train as well. it should leave after 
coming to cambridge from broxbourne on 
when visit i would like to visit 
i am looking for some 
i am looking for some south indian food that is 
no, can you search for 
north and 
hello! i need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a 
in the 
i don't need parking, but the i'd prefer to stay in a 
yes, please. i'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on 
yes, please. i'd like to book for 
yes, please. i'd like to book for 4 people for 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on monday after 8:30 to go to the 
i would like to leave on monday after 
neither. i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge that's leaving 
neither. i am looking for a train departing from 
neither. i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to 
neither. i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge that's leaving saturday after 
i'm looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a 
i'd like a 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i want a restaurant serving 
okay, what is the address and phone number of 
i am looking for a hotel by the name of 
please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from 
please make a booking for eight people staying for 
actually, i also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 
actually, i also need a train to go to 
im traveling to cambridge from london liverpool street arriving by 
im traveling to cambridge from 
im traveling to 
i'm looking for an 
what's your favorite place on the 
that would be great. please make the reservation for 17:45 on 
that would be great. please make the reservation for 
that would be great. please make the reservation for 
definitely the 
yes, please. i need a train from 
yes, please. i need a train from cambridge to 
i would like to leave on thursday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
could you help me locate the 
yes, i'd like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this 
yes, i'd like to book a room for 
yes, i'd like to book a room for 1 for 
can i have a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can i have a 
i am looking for something fun to do in the 
thank you, are there any 
the restaurant should serve 
how about 
let's go with peking restaurant. can you book a table for 6 at 18:30 on 
let's go with peking restaurant. can you book a table for 
let's go with peking restaurant. can you book a table for 6 at 
let's go with 
i also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by 
hello! i'm looking for a 
i would like something in the 
thanks. my friends told me about a restaurant called 
are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the 
are there any 'touristy' and 
i would prefer 
i would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the 
the 
lastly, i need a taxi from the 
lastly, i need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 
yes, i would also like to find a restaurant called 
yes, how about a table for 8 on 
yes, how about a table for 
yes, how about a table for 8 on saturday. try 19:30, if that doesn't work then try 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves 
now hold on just a minute. i'm still hungry. how about a 
no but i am looking for a train fro 
no but i am looking for a train fro friday, leaving after 
actually, i think i also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the 
i am looking for 
great! i also need a place to stay in the 
i was really hoping to find a 
a 
a 2 star 
yes, please. i'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting 
yes, please. i'd like 4 nights for 
yes, please. i'd like 
yes, please. i'd like 4 nights for 
i want to leave the 
i want to leave the ballare by 
could you assist me in finding a train to 
thursday, leave after 
book the 11:21 train for 
okay now can you help me find the 
thank you for that info on 
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the 
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the 
any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on 
any place is fine, can you please book me for 
any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i would like the 
i'm looking for one on the 
what is the entrance fee, address and postcode for the 
thanks. i need a place to eat too. any expensive 
thanks. i need a place to eat too. any 
yes please try 
yes please, for 1 person at 17:30 on 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 1 person at 
yes, let's try 
yes, let's try 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
that sounds great. can you book it for 6 people starting 
that sounds great. can you book it for 
that sounds great. can you book it for 6 people starting tuesday for a total of 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i would prefer a 
can you check a swimming pool in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers 
i have a taste for 
yes i would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at 14:15 on 
yes i would like to book a moderately priced one for 
yes i would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at 
yes i would like to book a 
i am going to cambridge from 
i am going to 
i want to get to cambridge at least by 
i want to get to 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a turkish restaurant in the 
yes, please. 7 people at 13:15 on 
yes, please. 
yes, please. 7 people at 
i need a place to eat in the 
i need a place to eat in the south that serves 
hi, i am looking to visit the 
are there any in the 
thank you! i am also looking for a hotel with 
thank you! i am also looking for a 
i need to book a taxi also. it should leave the hotel by 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving 
i need a train after 20:00 on 
i need a train after 
of course. i'd like to leave from 
i prefer something in the 
i prefer something in the east. and i only like to stay at 
something 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
hey. i'm looking for a train from 
i plan to go on 
my destination is 
the train should arrive by 
i would like 
i also need you to book rosa's bed and breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on 
i also need you to book rosa's bed and breakfast for 
i also need you to book 
i need to book a room at 
great ty so much. i was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves italian in the 
great ty so much. i was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves 
is that restaurant in the 
i need to book for 1 people at 13:45 on 
i need to book for 
i need to book for 1 people at 
can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the 
can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 
what places are in the 
yes for one person for 4 nights starting 
yes for one person for 
yes for one person for 
i am looking for information about 
yes i need to find a place to stay that is in the 
i need a hotel located in the town 
yes. book it for 
yes. book it for monday. 5 nights and 
yes. book it for monday. 
hello i would like some sort of 
thank you for that information. i'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
thank you for that information. i'd also like to dine at a 
what is the phone number for 
thanks! i'm also looking for information on the a & 
i would like to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve 
is it 
sure. can you make a reservation for me? there will be 8 of us, at 12:30 on 
sure. can you make a reservation for me? there will be 
sure. can you make a reservation for me? there will be 8 of us, at 
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes, i'm searching for a 
north part of town.
yes, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on 
yes, can you book it for 
yes, can you book it for 7 people for 
yes, can you book it for 7 people for 
yes let's try another 
i don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 
no, i'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 
i also need a train from 
i'm sorry, i mispoke, i need a train to cambridge. i need to leave ely after 08:30 on 
i'm sorry, i mispoke, i need a train to cambridge. i need to leave 
i'm sorry, i mispoke, i need a train to 
i'm sorry, i mispoke, i need a train to cambridge. i need to leave ely after 
perfect. i'll need a booking for 
hi i am looking for some information on the good luck 
hi i am looking for some information on the 
can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on 
can you make a reservation for 
can you make a reservation for 3 people at 
hi, i'm looking for information about places to go in the 
okay, great. i'll also need a place to stay. i'd like for it to have free parking and be 
i'm not familiar with the areas of town, but i'd really like a 
i'm not familiar with the areas of town, but i'd really like a 3 star 
are there any hotels with 3 stars, free wifi, free parking, and 
are there any hotels with 
are there any 
yes, that will be fine. i'll need it booked for 
yes, that will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. we will be staying 3 nights. it will be 
yes, that will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. we will be staying 
yes, that will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. we will be staying 
hi, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town 
hi, i am looking for a 
italian food , cheap and in the 
italian food , 
actually a chinese restaurant in the 
actually a 
actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs, what is available at a 
yes please. i need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on 
yes please. i need a table for 
yes please. i need a table for 3 people at 
i'd like one that is 
i also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 
my destination is the 
i need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves 
i need to find a restaurant that is 
i want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on 
i want to book a table for 
i want to book a table for 2 people at 
i guess that would be fine, i really want 
i need a place to dine, does not matter what type, in the 
i an you find me a 
i an you find me a 0 star 
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a 
yes please, for 6 people and five nights on 
yes please, for 
i'm looking for a restaurant called 
no, but i do need some information about a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on 
i'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after 
i'm leaving 
i'm leaving cambridge and headed to 
i am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 
i am also looking for a 
help me find a place to stay that has free parking and in 
i do not really care but would like it to have a 
great. i also need a restaurant in the same price range. i'd like it to be a 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
yes, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
i have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the 
i have no particular price range, but would like a 
excellent. can i book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on 
excellent. can i book that for 
excellent. can i book that for 
yes, i need to find a train on 
no, but i want it to be located in the 
that sounds good. give me the phone and postcode please. i'm also looking for expensive 
that sounds good. give me the phone and postcode please. i'm also looking for 
alright how about a place to dine. i'd like an expensive 
alright how about a place to dine. i'd like an 
any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 13:00 at 
any place is fine, can you just book one for 
any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 
can i get a taxi from 
can i get a taxi from the place to the 
can i get a taxi from the place to the eraina restaurant by 
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i need a place to eat in the 
in the 
i'm interested in 4 star hotels in the 
i'm interested in 
i would prefer a hotel in the 
how about the 
beginning on wednesday for three nights. i also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves 
no but i still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 
i want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on 
i want a train that leaves after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from bishops stortford and heading into 
yes, i need a booking for 
thank you. i am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
thank you. i am also looking for a moderately priced 
can you find the a & 
yes i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes i would like to make a booking for 
yes i would like to make a booking for 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the 
sounds fantastic! could you book me a table for 7 for 
sounds fantastic! could you book me a table for 
sounds fantastic! could you book me a table for 7 for monday at 
thanks. i am also looking for places to go in town. perhaps some 
is there a moderately priced restaurant in the 
is there a 
yes i would like the phone number of the 
yes. i would like the address of the 
the hotel should be in the 
let's go with the 4 star option. i'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from 
please try to book a 
i also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve 
i also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the 
could you book me a taxi please? i would like to leave the restuarant at 
i'm looking for a train departing 
i'm looking for a train departing london kings cross going to 
i want the train to leave after 11:00 on 
i want the train to leave after 
i also need a place to stay. i would like to find a 
no, i am open to different areas. i would like something 
please help me find a hotel to stay at in the 
please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 
i want an 
thanks. i'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get polynesian food in the 
thanks. i'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get 
is there a oriental restaurant in the city 
is there a 
is there a oriental restaurant in the city centre that is in the 
i am looking for a particular attraction called the 
great, thank you. can you also help me find a place to stay? i'd like an 
great, thank you. can you also help me find a place to stay? i'd like an expensive 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on 
could you book it for 
could you book it for 
a moderate priced 
a 
yes, could you please check whether there is a 
i would like the address and phone number of the one in the 
can i have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the 
can i have the address and phone number of a 
yes, i would like the type of 
yes could i have the address and postcode of the 
i'm also looking for a 
i'm also looking for a moderately priced 
the area doesn't matter. i'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting 
the area doesn't matter. i'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. please make my reservation for 
the area doesn't matter. i'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. please make my reservation for 3 people, 
the area doesn't matter. i'll go with whatever 
could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
i want the location to be in the 
on 
on thursday at 
are you sure? it should be the type of a 
yes. i'd like to book that for 3 nights starting 
yes. i'd like to book that for 3 nights starting sunday and for 
yes. i'd like to book that for 
great, thanks so much! can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the marriott, leaving the restaurant by 
need a train to broxbourne leaving 
need a train to 
the train should arrive by 
much better! i also need a cheap 
is there a 
sounds good can you book that for 8 people at 12:45 on 
sounds good can you book that for 
sounds good can you book that for 8 people at 
can you try 
help me find a restaurant called 
i'd like to book a table for 3 people for 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 
i am in the 
i am in the north part of town, can you tell me what 
i would love to know the address of the 
yes i would, i need it for 
yes i would, i need it for saturday for 
yes i would, i need it for saturday for 5 people at 
yes, i'm also looking for a train that will depart from 
leaving peterborough and must arrive at least by 
leaving 
i am traveling to cambridge on 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
is that in the centre of town? is it 
i also need to take a train on 
i also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after 
from 
from leicester to 
yes please book the train for 
hello, i'm looking for a 
i also need free wifi and a 
ok, then, is there one that is 
sure. there will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting 
sure. there will be 
sure. there will be 5 of us for 
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called 
please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on 
please book a room for 
please book a room for 
i definitely want both a guesthouse and the 
i definitely want both a 
i would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. i would like to stay in the city 
i would like to try another price range, only in the 
are there any cheap guesthouses in the 
are there any 
are there any cheap 
there will be 2 people and we will arrive on 
there will be 
i'm sorry, 
great. i also need a train leaving on 
the train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from 
the train should leave after 10:00 and should go to 
the train should leave after 
get me a restaurant that serves 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday after 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from kings lynn and headed to 
no, i'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the 
hi, i'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on 
hi, i'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on sunday from 
i want to arrive at 
i don't have a departure time but i want to arrive by 
no, i just needed the information, thanks. have you heard of the 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the 
a place on the 
a place on the east side with 
i'm looking for a concert hall in the 
how about a museum in the 
how about a 
thank you very much, could i have the phone number for each of those 
i'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving 
yes please. book it for 2 on 
yes please. book it for 
yes please. book it for 2 on wednesday at 
please try 
i would like to arrive at 
cambridge artworks please and going to 
can you get me information on a attraction called 
are there any good eastern european restaurants in the 
are there any good eastern 
do any of them serve eastern 
what about 
yes please make that for 4 people at 15:00 on a 
yes please make that for 
yes please make that for 4 people at 
im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the 
im looking for places to go in town that shows 
yes, i am looking for a 
i would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 
i'm looking for a train departing from stantsted airport going to 
i want to leave on wednesday and arrive by 
i want to leave on 
can you also give me some information on the 
i need to take a train to here from broxbourne, this will be on 
i need to take a train to here from 
oh, i am so sorry. i will be leaving 
oh, i am so sorry. i will be leaving broxbourne, not 
i want to leave after 
that would be great. can you book me for 
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the 
yes, hopefully 
good morning, can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the 
good morning, can you help me locate a 
i want to find a restaurant in the 
i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
how about 
hi, do you know of a hotel called 
sure. i'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on 
sure. i'd need a room for 
sure. i'd need a room for 8 people, 
yes i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves 
yes i am looking for a restaurant in the 
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range. the restaurant should be in the 
the restaurant should serve 
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the 
thank you, can i get a taxi as well? i need to leave the hotel by 
where is this 
well...i don't have any friends... i'll be going in on 
well...i don't have any friends... i'll be going in on thursday at 
well...i don't have any friends... i'll be going in on thursday at 
thank you! i also need a guesthouse to stay in in the 
thank you! i also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. it doesn't have to have free parking, but i would like a 
thank you! i also need a 
could you book it for the same group of people and 
i would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 
i think the one in the 
i would really like to get really great 
i would really like to get really great chinese food. can you suggest an 
yes please. please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on 
yes please. please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on sunday at 
yes, i was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from 
i'd like to go to london liverpool street on sunday. i need to get there by 
i'd like to go to london liverpool street on 
i'd like to go to 
that one would be great. can i get 
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the 
i am looking for a 
yes. could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on 
yes. could you make it for 
yes. could you make it for 
hi, i'm trying to find a restaurant called 
sure. i need a table for 
sure. i need a table for friday at 14:1
sure. i need a table for friday at 
yes, i want to stay on the 
is that in the 
i definitely want to stay in the expensive range, so how about we change the area to the 
i definitely want to stay in the 
i will take the university arms hotel, please. i would like it booked for 4 nights on 
i will take the university arms hotel, please. i would like it booked for 4 nights on friday. there are 
yes, hello. i interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the 
yes, hello. i interested in finding a 
cheap one. book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from 
cheap one. book it for 
cheap one. book it for 
thank you. can you help me out in finding an 
yes, i need the 
there is not a certain part of town. but i will need a table for 
there is not a certain part of town. but i will need a table for 2 people on wednesdat at 
i'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, i think it's called the 
yes, please, i need a room for 3 nights for one person, starting on 
yes, please, i need a room for 
how about a different 
help me find a chinese place to dine in the 
help me find a 
i would like to stay in the 
can i book it for 1 person at 14:15 on 
can i book it for 
can i book it for 1 person at 
i can't wait to eat there, thanks. i also need train information. i am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by 
i can't wait to eat there, thanks. i also need train information. i am going to 
no, i need to leave on 
yes, 
i want to go to a museum in the 
i want to go to a 
may i get the phone number and postcode for the 
i am also looking for the 
yes please. i need it for 1 person, 2 nights starting on 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 1 person, 
the restaurant should be in the 
the restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive 
the restaurant should be in the west and should serve 
do you have one that serves 
sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the 
sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west. can you book a table for 1 on 
sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west. can you book a table for 
sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west. can you book a table for 1 on tuesday at 
sure, either as long as it is 
is there a cinema in the 
is there a 
too bad. how about 
yes i would. can you give me the address, post code, and phone number for that 
i would like to stay in the 
oh, any of them will do. let's book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting 
oh, any of them will do. let's book it for 
oh, any of them will do. let's book it for 3 people for 
hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on 
hi, can you help me find a train from 
i will need 
yes, is there a reference number? i also am looking for a place to dine in the 
yes, is there a reference number? i also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves 
can you book me a table there for 
can you book me a table there for monday at 
there will be 
could you try for 
it's called the a and b guesthouse. i'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on 
it's called the a and b guesthouse. i'd like a 5 night stay for 
it's called the a and b guesthouse. i'd like a 
it's called the 
yes i would also like a place to dine in the 
yes i would also like a place to dine in the north that serves 
no, just needs to be in the 
yes. i would like to book a table for four on 
yes. i would like to book a table for four on monday at 
i need to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge on saturday arriving in cambridge before 
i need to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge on 
i need to book a train from 
i need to book a train from bishops stortford to 
i actually need to leave after 20:30 on 
i actually need to leave after 
yes that works. can you book it for 
thanks! can you also check and see what 
thanks! can you also check and see what 3-star 
the 
yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the 
yes, are there any 
yes, are there any 3 star 
okay, i need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting 
i want to leave on staurday to go to 
i would like to leave cambridge to arrive in kings lynn by 
i would like to leave cambridge to arrive in 
yes that sounds great. i need to book one for 
can you help me find a restaurant that is 
i'd love some 
what about 
yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same 
yes, let's book a table for four there at 
i'm looking for a 
it should be in the 
yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 2 people and 
i'm looking for a train going to 
on sunday. i'd like to arrive by 
on 
yes. make booking for 
i also need a 
i would like to stay on the 
is there a 
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from 
ok book me one for the same group of people and 
hello, i am looking forward to seeing some local attractions in the 
i'd prefer a 
the whale of time sounds great. i also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the 
a 
i would like the 
can you try looking in the 
perfect. i need 5 nights for 6 people starting on 
perfect. i need 5 nights for 
perfect. i need 
yes, i'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from 
yes, i'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from whale of a time. i need it to leave by 
can you give me some information on the 
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from 
i want to book the 
great, thanks. can you also recommend something fun to do in the 
i'd like to take a stroll at a 
can i get the phone number for 
can i get the phone number for wandlebury country 
sorry to confuse. yes, can i book a taxi from 
sorry to confuse. yes, can i book a taxi from wandlebury country park to 
sorry to confuse. yes, can i book a taxi from wandlebury country park to warkworth house. i want to leave by 
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. find me a hotel like that with a star of 
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. find me a 
i would like to stay in the 
can you double check for a 4 star, 
can you double check for a 
i am looking for an attraction called 
i would like a hotel with 4-stars. also, an 
i would like a hotel with 
i would like a 
i want to find a european restaurant in the 
i want to find a 
no but i do need help getting a train going to 
i will be traveling on 
i would be leaving from london liverpool street going to cambridge. i would need to arrive by 
i would be leaving from 
i would be leaving from london liverpool street going to 
how about 
could you please try for 
lets try for a moderately priced place in the 
lets try for a 
i would like to book a train to ely, from 
i would like to book a train to 
i want to leave on 
the train should leave after 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from leicester and going to 
i would like to arrive by monday at 
i would like to arrive by 
no thanks i will book it. can you help me find an 
yes, please. i'd like something with some 
how about 
can you book a table for 
i need a table at 
make the reservation for 
i need a good place to eat dinner. i like 
please make a booking for a table of 2 at 16:15 on 
please make a booking for a table of 
please make a booking for a table of 2 at 
great. i will be leaving london kings cross and want to get to cambridge by 
great. i will be leaving 
great. i will be leaving london kings cross and want to get to 
i want to eat chinese food in the 
i want to eat 
sure. i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on 
sure. i would like to book a table for 
sure. i would like to book a table for 5 people at 
are there any other 
yes, please try j restaurant. 
yes, please try 
i need to find a 
in the 
yes, on 
yes, on tuesday for 
i am looking to find a restaurant that serves 
i am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and 
how about indian or 
how about 
can you help me locate a restaurant called 
i need a reservation for 3 people on 
i need a reservation for 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from 
i will travel on 
the train should arrive by 
the train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from 
the train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from 
yes, that will do. i need tickets for 
is there a place in the 
is there a place in the centre that serves 
the reservation needs to be for 
i will be departing from bishops stratford. i want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i will be departing from bishops stratford. i want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but i need to arrive in 
hello! are there any chinese restaurants in the 
hello! are there any 
great! can you book me a table for 5 on 
great! can you book me a table for 
please try for 
yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on 
yes let's try making a reservation for 
yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on thursday at 
no, a moderate restaurant isn't really what i wanted. can you find a cheap 
no, a moderate restaurant isn't really what i wanted. can you find a 
okay i would like to book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on 
okay i would like to book a table for 
okay i would like to book a table for 5 people at 
okay please check at 
ok. let's try 
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap chinese restaurants at 12:30 (or 11:30) on 
if you can book me a table for 
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap chinese restaurants at 12:30 (or 
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap chinese restaurants at 
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap 
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other 
no it must be in the 
no it must be in the centre. is there any other chinese place open in the centre on 
no it must be in the centre. is there any other 
any other 
not really. can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from 
not really. can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from thursday? it's for 
i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that is 
yes, i am traveling to cambridge and would like to know about 
yes i am looking for a hotel named 
i need to find a place to stay in the 
i'd like a 
we arrive on 
we arrive on monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 
we arrive on monday and stay for 
i am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- 
i am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and 
actually i want a restaurant that serves food in the type of 
sure, how about 
yes please. also, i'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at 
i am looking for a place in the 
i am looking for a place in the centre of town serving 
i would like an 
the 
yeah, i would like to know about an attraction called 
i'm traveling to cambridge and looking for places to go. are there any good 
yes that sounds great. can you give me the address for that 
i need a guesthouse in the 
i need a 
yes, i would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes, i would like to book it for 
yes, i would like to book it for 4 people for 
yes, i would like to book it for 
thank you, yes, i will need a taxi from the 
thank you, yes, i will need a taxi from the acorn guest house to 
i would like to leave my hotel by 
yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 
are there any 
is there such thing as cheap 
is there such thing as 
perhaps. i'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the 
are there any 
i'm sorry - i'd really like the name of a 
sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can i get a taxi from 
i would like to leave the restaurant by 
i need a place to dine on 
what about 
i would, thanks. i need a table for 6 on 
i would, thanks. i need a table for 
i would, thanks. i need a table for 6 on sunday, at 
ok, could you also give me some information about the 
i will need to stay 
hi there, i'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the 
yes please. is any of these two a 
great, thanks. can you also help me find a 
yes. can you book that for 5 people at 18:15 on 
yes. can you book that for 
yes. can you book that for 5 people at 
we are visiting and hoping to find some great 
it should be in the 
it should be in the centre, , how about one that is in the type of 
i need a place to stay - a guesthouse, i think. perhaps in the 
i need a place to stay - a 
i'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it? i will need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting 
i'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it? i will need a reservation for 
i'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it? i will need a reservation for 7 people for 
i'd prefer the 
yes please. i need it for 7 people, 2 nights and starting from 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 7 people, 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the 
it should be a 
can you get me information on a 
thank you. i am also looking for a place to eat. maybe 
i'd like someplace 
that sounds great. could you book 7 people for 16:00 on 
that sounds great. could you book 
that sounds great. could you book 7 people for 
can you help me find a 
any area would be okay. i would like for the guest house to have a 
ok. book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from 
ok. book for 5 people and 
ok. book for 
yes, i'm looking for a 
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the 
how about an expensive 
how about an 
i would like find some information about a train. specifically, i'm looking for details about a train that leaves 
i would like find some information about a train. specifically, i'm looking for details about a train that leaves tuesday after 
yes, i'll be departing from 
yes please book it for 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the 
are there any 
are there any 4 star 
firstly, before that, i need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the 
firstly, before that, i need a 
a 
that is fine. i need it for 8 people starting 
that is fine. i need it for 
that is fine. i need it for 8 people starting monday for 
that is fine. i need it for 8 people starting monday for 
can you try it for 
can i get a train to the 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday after 
yes, please. i would like to book tickets for 
are there any australian food places in the 
are there any 
are you sure? i am really looking for an expensive australian place to dine in the 
are you sure? i am really looking for an expensive 
are you sure? i am really looking for an 
no, lets keep the same area but see if there might be an 
okay. i want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on 
okay. i want to book a table for 
okay. i want to book a table for 5 people at 
can you see if a table is available at 1
can you see if a table is available at 
i'm going to cambridge from london liverpool street. i need to leave on 
i'm going to cambridge from 
i'm going to 
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for tuesday and i need to get there by 
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for 
i need a train from 
i need a train from london liverpool street to 
i want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 
that's okay. can you tell me about a hotel though? it's the 
okay can i book that for 2 people for 5 nights from 
okay can i book that for 
okay can i book that for 2 people for 
i need a cheap restaurant that serves 
i need a 
how about any restaurants that serves 
ok, well what do we have in the 
how about a cheap 
how about a 
find me a moderately priced 
find me a 
what about an 
actually, i'm also looking for a train. i'll need it to go to cambridge on 
actually, i'm also looking for a train. i'll need it to go to 
i'm looking for one that arrives by 
perfect book for 
can i get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the 
can i get the address and cuisine type of a 
i'm looking for a british restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 2 at 
that should have been for 7 people at 18:00 on 
that should have been for 
that should have been for 7 people at 
i also need a train to 
i also need a train to cambridge. leaving after 
i am actually leaving from 
i am actually leaving from cambridge and going to 
i'm looking for a 
i prefer the 
there wili be 4 of us arriving on 
there wili be 
there wili be 4 of us arriving on saturday, and staying for 
hi, would you be able to recommend a 
a swiss restaurant in the 
a 
can you please try 
alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for 
alright, can you book that for me? 
alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at 
i have the 
am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the 
am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the 
i would prefer 
yes please. i'd like it to be for 
yes please. i'd like it to be for tuesday at 
there will be 
hi, i need a 
hi, i need a 4 star 
the 
could you book the kirkwood house for me for 
could you book the kirkwood house for me for thursday, 
could you book the kirkwood house for me for thursday, 6 people and 
could you book the 
i am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city 
no, i just want an expensive place in the 
no, i just want an 
yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by 
yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to 
i want to travel on 
i want to travel on friday. my departure station is in 
hello! i was hoping you could help me find a 
i would like a 
parking is not important. can you book cityroomz for three people staying 2 nights starting 
parking is not important. can you book cityroomz for three people staying 
parking is not important. can you book 
thank you for that! i'm also looking for a train to 
thank you for that! i'm also looking for a train to cambridge from 
i need one that arrives in cambridge by 8:45 on 
yes please i need that for 
i don't have a preference. i wold just like a 4 star 
i don't have a preference. i wold just like a 
maybe, but are they expensive? i would like something 
maybe you could suggest one in the 
i would like a 
i'd prefer a cinema that's in the 
i'd prefer a 
that sounds great. can you provide me with cineworld 
i want a 
i want to stay in the 
never mind. i want to know is this a 
a 
i want to leave 
i want to leave milton county park by 06:15 to return to 
i want to leave milton county park by 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
is there anything to the 
is there anything to the west, preferably with a 
is there one in the 
oh goodness. can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the 
oh goodness. can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west. 
oh goodness. can you check once again for a hotel, star 
oh goodness. can you check once again for a 
yeah book for 
will this start on 
i'm sorry for the confusion. i would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning 
i'm sorry for the confusion. i would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning friday, at the 
thank you for the reservation. i am also looking for a lovely park in 
thank you for the reservation. i am also looking for a lovely 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i want to be pickup at at the hotel by 
i'm looking for a french restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
thank you, i would prefer the 
yes. i would like to book a table for 3 at 14:30 on 
yes. i would like to book a table for 
yes. i would like to book a table for 3 at 
yes, i am looking for a train that goes to 
yes, i am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn and leaves 
does it leave on 
does it leave on saturday, departing from 
yes, i'd like 
i'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the 
i'm looking to eat at a place that serves 
is the restaurant in the 
can you help me find a train arriving by 
can you help me find a train arriving by 12:45 going to 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving on 
thanks. can you also look up information on 
what type of attractions are in the 
i'd also like to find a 
well i would like a 
can we make that a 
okay, thanks! are they both 
i'm sorry, i haven't been clear. i am looking for a guesthouse, not a hotel. is there a 
i'm sorry, i haven't been clear. i am looking for a 
yes go ahead and book it for 5 people and two nights starting this 
yes go ahead and book it for 
i want a cheap 
i want a 
hello, can you give me information on 
thank you, i need to find an indian restaurant in the 
thank you, i need to find an 
thank you, i need to find an indian restaurant in the south that is 
can you help me find a place to stay in the 
well i would like a 
actually, i have a certain restaurant in mind. it's called 
yes. i need a table for 4 people at 19:15 on 
yes. i need a table for 
yes. i need a table for 4 people at 
thanks! i also need a taxi to take me from 
i am leaving from 
i am going to bishops stortford at 12:45 on 
i am going to 
i am going to bishops stortford at 
yes, on thursday. can you book me a train for 
yes, on 
i am sorry, poor joke. i am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 
i am sorry, poor joke. i am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on 
i am sorry, poor joke. i am leaving 
i am sorry, poor joke. i am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the 
yes i am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a 
how about one that is 
i am not looking in any specific area. a 
i am not looking in any specific area. a cheap 
thanks, i need for 3 people for 2 nights. arrival is on 
thanks, i need for 3 people for 
thanks, i need for 
i am looking to get a guesthouse with a 
i am looking to get a 
is there one in the 
yes, i am looking for an attraction called 
i want something in the 
i want something in the north part of town. 
any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the 
any type of food will be fine as long as it's 
i've actually had a bad experience at the gold wok. is there another moderately priced restaurant in the 
i've actually had a bad experience at the gold wok. is there another 
i want to find a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and is 
yes, i'd like to be on the 
yes, i'd like to be on the east side. the hotel should have a 
ok, carolina b&b it is. can you book me a room for 1 person staying 5 nights on 
ok, carolina b&b it is. can you book me a room for 
ok, carolina b&b it is. can you book me a room for 1 person staying 
ok, 
i need it to go to cambridge and should depart from 
i need it to go to 
i'd like to arrive by 13:45 on 
i'd like to arrive by 
i'd like to arrive by 13:4
i'd like to arrive by 13:
good afternoon. i am trying to find an 
good afternoon. i am trying to find an indian restaurant to eat at. i would prefer something 
i'd like to find a 
no, that is perfect. i would like to book a table for 5 people on 
no, that is perfect. i would like to book a table for 
no, that is perfect. i would like to book a table for 5 people on wednesday at 
i would like a 
i would like a 4 star 
in the 
what is the address of the 
i'll need a taxi to take me to bangkok city from the hotel and arrive by 
i'll need a taxi to take me to 
no but i want it to be in the 
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting 
yes book the room for me please 
yes book the room for me please 2 people 
thank you much. i have heard raves about a certain 
yes, please. i want a table for 2 people on 
yes, please. i want a table for 
yes, please. i want a table for 2 people on thursday at 
hi, i'll be traveling to cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves 
how about a cheap indian restaurant located in the 
how about a cheap 
how about a 
yes that sounds great. there will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on 
yes that sounds great. there will be 
yes that sounds great. there will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 
great i also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the 
great i also am looking for a place to stay that has a 
im looking for a restaurant called 
i also need to find a train going to ely on 
i also need to find a train going to 
well, let's see. i need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs cambridge some time 
yes, can you make a booking for 
i am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. i would like for it to be in the 
i'd like a 
i would like one that is 
yes please. can you book the reservation for 
yes please. can you book the reservation for saturday for 
yes please. can you book the reservation for saturday for 5 guests for a 
try for 
i also need to find something called 
i need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge that will arrive by 
i need a train from 
i need a train from bishops stortford to 
i need it for 
i just need to get there by 
no thanks, i just wanted to know the information. i do need a 
yes, i am looking for a expensive 
yes, i am looking for a 
okay, let's try for an expensive 
okay, let's try for an 
no, i just need a resrvation for 7 people at 17:45 on 
no, i just need a resrvation for 
no, i just need a resrvation for 7 people at 
thank you. could you help me find a museum that is in the 
thank you. could you help me find a 
i am looking for a hotel, the 
i will have a party of 
hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? i need to go to 
could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 
yes please make reservations for sunday for 
yes please make reservations for 
i also need a hotel for 3 people starting 
i also need a hotel for 
i also need a hotel for 3 people starting sunday and for 
i also need a 
we would like a place in the 
i'm looking for a place to eat in the 
do they serve 
i'm looking for a modern eclectic place to dine in the cambridge 
i'm looking for a 
i would not. i prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located 
i would not. i prefer this place to be expensive, have 
i would not. i prefer this place to be 
how about a 
i need to go from stevenage to cambridge on 
i need to go from 
i need to go from stevenage to 
i need to go from stevenage to cambridge on friday, leaving after 
yes, that will work. can you place a booking for 
i need to take a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 
i need to take a train that goes to 
i'll be leaving from london liverpool street. oh, and i'd like to travel on 
i'll be leaving from 
i need it to arrive by 
i need it to arrive by 6:
thanks. can you also tell me some information on the 
sure, that sounds good. could you give me the information on 
yes, i am looking for an 
i'm just looking for something that is a guesthouse in the 
i'm just looking for something that is a 
can you book for 
can you book for 4 people 
starting 
i'm taking a tour of 
it doesn't matter. i'm interested in a 
thanks! if it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called 
thank you! will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on 
thank you! will you please book a table for 
thank you! will you please book a table for 6 people at 
thank you. i will need a taxi to get from 
i want some entertainment in the 
i want some 
are there any musems in 
i need a place to stay. can you suggest a hotel in the 
i need a place to stay. can you suggest a 
i would like 
i would like moderate pricing and 
okay. i don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 4 stars, and in the 
okay. i don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be 
okay. i don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 
is that 
my best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. it was called 
i think i am ready to book. can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from 
i think i am ready to book. can you get me a booking for 
i think i am ready to book. can you get me a booking for 8 people for 
actually, i need some information on a train heading into 
i want to leave bishops stortford and arrive in cambridge by 
i want to leave 
i want to leave bishops stortford and arrive in 
yes please book that for 
i'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called 
yes, we would like something in the 
yes, we would like something in the centre, expensive 
yes, we would like something in the centre, 
that sounds great. can you book me a table for two at 3 p.m. on 
that sounds great. can you book me a table for two at 
perfect. now, please find me a train leaving after 13:00 on 
perfect. now, please find me a train leaving after 
i would be leaving from 
i would be leaving from cambridge and going to 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for a korean restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking for information in cambridge......oh, i should tell you what i'm looking for! how silly of me! can you please give me some information on 
yes. i need a place to stay in the 
yes. i need a place to stay in the north, just a 
yes, that would be great, thank you. i need it for 5 nights starting 
yes, that would be great, thank you. i need it for 5 nights starting sunday, and for 
yes, that would be great, thank you. i need it for 
well i'll be leaving from the 
well i'll be leaving from the cineworld cinema traveling to the 
i want to leave the hotel by 21:15 to get to 
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the 
i'm looking to stay in a 
i am also looking for a restaurant. i prefer it to serve 
i am also looking for a restaurant. i prefer it to serve cuban food and i would like a 
how about 
hi, i want a 
located in the 
i want to find a 
i want to find a cheap 
i was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting 
i was hoping to stay for 
i've already picked the alexander bed and breakfast. i need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on 
i've already picked the alexander bed and breakfast. i need a reservation for 
i've already picked the alexander bed and breakfast. i need a reservation for 
i've already picked the 
thank you i also am looking for a place to go in the 
thank you i also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is 
do you have any 
can you arrange a taxi to get me from the 
can you arrange a taxi to get me from the alexander b&b to the botanic gardens? i want to leave the alexander by 
i'm going to be in the 
let's see...i'd like to get free internet. and if you have a place with 
i am looking for a hotel in cambridge called the 
yes,could you please book me a room on 
yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 
yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 
great! i also need information on 
how about a 
i would also like a taxi to commute and i would like it 
i need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on 
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on friday after 
i want to leave from 
i want to leave from bishops stortford and go to 
yes, i need some information on 
yes please book it for the same group of people and 
i'm interested in going to 
yes actually i am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 
the departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to 
sorry, i actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. and i want to leave the attraction vy 
i'm travelling to 
i'm travelling to cambridge and i need a train leaving after 
i am leaving from 
i would like to leave on 
is there one a little earlier? i'd actually like to leave closer to 
no just to leave after 
i'd like to book for 
thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the 
thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a 
i need help finding a 
nah, i just need it for 4 nights starting from 
nah, i just need it for 
nah, i just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at 
nah, i just need it for 
yes, please. i'm looking for a 
yes, please. i'm looking for a jamaican restaurant that is 
is there one in the 
are there any 
la tasca sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at 
i'm sorry, i forgot some of my friends couldn't make it. it will just be myself, and i need the reservation for 
i would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, 
you can help me find a 
you can help me find a cheap 
is this hotel a 
i need in the 
as long as autumn house meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the 
as long as 
as long as autumn house meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the east area with free wifi and 
as long as autumn house meets my criteria of being a 
a 
i'm looking for a 
want to book a table for 5 people at 12:00 on 
want to book a table for 
want to book a table for 5 people at 
i would like the 
yes. i want a reservation for 4 nights starting 
i wanted to visit the restaurant named 
what type of food does 
thanks a lot. i am also looking for places to go to in the 
i'm looking for an attraction in the category of 
i would prefer a college in town 
i would prefer a 
i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
yes book for 4 people and 5 nights from 
yes book for 
yes book for 4 people and 
are there trains leaving from peterborough on 
are there trains leaving from 
i'd like to arrive by 
i'd like to arrive by 13:00. i'd also like to book seats for 
yes i am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the 
yes i am also looking for an 
is there a restaurant that serves 
can you try 
i'm sorry, i would actually like to find a cheap 
i'm sorry, i would actually like to find a 
is it a 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on 
yes, i would like to book a table for 
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 
yes, i'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on 
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to arrive in 
i need 
i'm looking for places to visit on the 
please give me information about 
it would be for 
it would be for saturday for 
it would be for saturday for 4 people at 
i'd like to find a 
i want a train leaving from 
i would like to leave on friday, and arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on friday, and arrive in 
yes, that is perfect. i need 
yes i also need information on a place to eat called the 
could i get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on 
could i get a reservation for 
could i get a reservation for 5 people at 
can you find me a 
can you find me a chinese restaurant with 
which one of these restaurants is in the 
thanks! can i have the address, phone number, and postcode for 
i need it to be in the 
can you pick a good one in the 
i want to leave the hotel at 
hi, i'm looking to book a train that will depart from london liverpool street. i need the ticket for 
hi, i'm looking to book a train that will depart from 
i would like to leave london liverpool on 
i'm not sure when i need to leave, but i would like to arrive by 
yes please. i'm looking for information on the 
yes for 
yes for sunday please 
yes for sunday please 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from london kings cross and want to arrive in 
wednesday after 
i'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the 
i'd like to find somewhere to stay that is 
yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 4 people and 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 
are either of those in the 
is it 
that sounds good, yes. i need 4 nights booked for me, beginning 
that sounds good, yes. i need 4 nights booked for me, beginning friday and for 
that sounds good, yes. i need 
that sounds good, 
that sounds good, yes. i need 
yes, 
can you find me a particular 
i am looking for the 
yeah that's okay. please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting 
yeah that's okay. please book it for 
yeah that's okay. please book it for 2 people and 
i'm looking for a place to eat. i want expensive 
i'm looking for a place to eat. i want 
well i need it to be in the 
sounds great. make a reservation for 4 on 
sounds great. make a reservation for 
sounds great. make a reservation for 4 on friday at 
how about !0:00 instead, is that available 
what kind of entertainment is located in town in the 
what kind of 
i also need the phone number for the 
i also need the phone number for the avalon 
looking for a restaurant in the 
it should be in the 
hi, i am looking for a 
friday. there will be 
friday. there will be 
i'm looking for information about a hotel in cambridge called 
yes, i am looking for places to go while i'm there. perhaps a 
i need a cab to commute between both places and i want to leave the hotel by 
i would also like to find a 
yes, a table for 
that's alright. i need my table to be booked on 
we would like 18:45 on 
we would like 18:45 on sunday for 
we would like 
i am looking for a 
how about one that serves 
could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on 
could you reserve me a table for 
could you reserve me a table for 2 at 
could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on monday at the 
i also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same 
i am actually looking for a hotel called 
i am actually looking for a 
no, that is the name of the 
the hotel name is 
the 
no i have no preferences. i need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting 
no i have no preferences. i need it for 4 nights for 
what trains leave 
what trains leave friday from 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
great. can i also get a restaurant in the 
great. can i also get a restaurant in the centre of town in the 
yes please. i will need a table for 6 at 18:15 on 
yes please. i will need a table for 
yes please. i will need a table for 6 at 
hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
hi i am looking for an 
i am looking for 
okay, let's book a table for five on 
okay, let's book a table for five on wednesday at 14:4
okay, let's book a table for five on wednesday at 
no 14:4
no 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving 
not really, but i do want a 
i would prefer a 
i'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning 
i'll need rooms for 
i'll need rooms for 6 people for 
i'll need rooms for 6 people for 
i need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "
great. can you give me the address and phone number for 
hi, i'm visiting the area and would like to find some local tourist attractions to the 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i also need a place to stay in the expensive price range. it needs free parking, wifi and a 
let's go with the one in the 
let's go with the one in the centre. i need 5 nights starting 
let's go with the one in the centre. i need 5 nights starting friday for 
let's go with the one in the centre. i need 
hello! can you please give me information about 
can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? i will also need a table for 2 at 15:15 on 
can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? i will also need a table for 
can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? i will also need a table for 2 at 
yes, i'm also looking for a recommendation on hotels in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a recommendation on 
yes i would. for 
can you try it for 
could you check your system again? i really need a 
i am looking for a north indian food restaurant in the town 
i am looking for a 
what about 
what about a restaurant that serves just 
that sounds good. please book for 2 people at 11:45 on 
that sounds good. please book for 2 people at 
i am looking for 
hey! looking for a hotel on the 
hey! looking for a 
i would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from 
i would like to make a booking for 
i would like to make a booking for 
thank you. do you have information on the 
i'd also like to book a taxi between my 
i would like to leave the hotel by 
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge called the 
okay, great! please book me a table for 6 at 14:45 on 
okay, great! please book me a table for 
okay, great! please book me a table for 6 at 
well i'm also looking for a train. can you coordinate a time with a departure from cambride on 
i would like to depart from cambridge this sunday and arrive at london liverpool street by 
i would like to depart from cambridge this 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from cambridge this sunday and arrive at 
can you help me find a 
something in the 
can you check for a 
i am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on 
i am in interested in making a reservation for 
i am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 
i am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on saturday at a 
i would like a 
i'm heading to stansted airport from cambridge on 
i'm heading to stansted airport from 
i'm heading to 
i'm heading to stansted airport from cambridge on friday and any train that leaves after 
i am looking for a place to stay in the 
a 
i would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 4 nights starting 
i would like free parking and to book it for 
i would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 
yes, let's try for 
yes, let's try for 
i need to get a train from 
i need to get a train from cambridge to 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on friday, after 
i don't have an area preference but i would like a 
yes that will be fine. could you recommend a nice 
are there any 
are there any moderately priced 
and this is a 
i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by 
i'm looking for a train leaving on 
can you look up trains departing from 
great! can you book 
i need to book a room in a 
not really but i do need a 
sounds great! i'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting 
sounds great! i'll need to book a room for 
sounds great! i'll need to book a room for 
hi i'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving 
hi i'm looking to find a 
wednesday at 
wednesday at 
i'm also looking for a 
i am looking for a 
i would like a place in the 
sure, let's try the 
yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes and book it for 
yes and book it for 
what cheap restaurants are there in the 
what 
i'd like to book a table for 5 on 
i'd like to book a table for 
i'd like to book a table for 5 on monday at 
how about 14:4
how about 
yes i'd like to book 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of 
maybe the 
we are actually checking in starting on 
i'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on 
i'm looking for a train leaving 
i am going to cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to cambridge by 
i am going to cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to cambridge by 13:30 
i am going to cambridge and i plan to depart from 
i am going to 
thank you! i'm also looking for a hotel named the 
thanks so much, can you book it for 
thanks so much, can you book it for 1 person for 
can you help me find a 
can you help me find a 4 star 
that doesn't matter as long as i'm in the 
can you check for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a cheap 
yes, i also need information on colleges to see in the 
yes, i also need information on 
i want to go from the 
i want to go from the churchill college to 
i want to go from the churchill college to cambridge belfry. i want to leave the college by 
i am looking for a place to stay. preferably a 
i would like the hotel to be 
how about a 
ok, book that for 4 people. we'll arrive 
ok, book that for 
ok, book that for 
i'm looking for a russian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
is there a mediterranean restaurant in the 
is there a 
can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 
can you help me locate a 
oh, 
oh, expensive please. i do hope it is a 
oh. i would really prefer a guesthouse. how about the 
oh. i would really prefer a 
the location isn't important. i need to book it for 
yes. i will be staying 5 nights starting 
yes. i will be staying 
i'll be staying for 
im also looking for the 
where is a 
i would like a museum near the 
i would like a 
excellent. can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the 
excellent. can you find me a 
i don't. i'm mostly just focused on the area and he 
nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 16:30 on 
nice can i make a booking for 
nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 
actually yes. i'd like to book a taxi so i can go back and forth between the 
i want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 
i want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 15:30 from the 
i need a train to stevenage on 
i need a train to 
much later, i can't leave any earlier than 
great, can you help me find an 
great, can you help me find an expensive 
great, can you help me find an expensive 2 star 
i will get there 
i will get there thursday and stay for 
i will get there thursday and stay for 
yes please, for 1 person, 2 nights starting 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 1 person, 
yes please, for 1 person, 
is a 
i need the reference number to confirm my booking at the 
can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on 
can you help me find a train going to 
i will be leaving from 
i would like to leave after 
that sounds perfect. can you also help me to find a 
that sounds perfect. can you also help me to find a 2 star 
i would like it to be in the 
i would prefer 
i would prefer ashley 
yes please book it for 
yes please book it for 8 people for 
i need a train for 
i need a train for london kings cross to 
i want to leave 
i want to leave saturday after 
can you find a place to in the 
i'm looking for an italian restaurant in cambridge in the 
i'm looking for an 
ok sounds great i want to book a table on 
ok sounds great i want to book a table on wednesday for 
ok sounds great i want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 
i am also looking for a hotel. i would like it to be 
perfect. can you reserve me rooms for the same 
perfect. can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 
hi. can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the 
hi. can you please help me find a 
can you please help me get information on 
i need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting 
i need to book it for 
i need to book it for 3 people and 
i'd like to find a 
yes please, i'd like it to be in the 
yes please, i'd like it to be in the cheap price range and i'd also like to stay at a 
no, i'm also looking for some attractions in town. any multiple sports attractions located around the 
no, i'm also looking for some attractions in town. any 
hello! can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the 
hello! can you recommend a 
could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a 
could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for a hotel with 
location doesn't matter really, i would like it to be 
location doesn't matter really, i would like it to be moderately priced with a 
that sounds good. i want to make a booking for 5 people. we need to stay for 5 nights starting on 
that sounds good. i want to make a booking for 
that sounds good. i want to make a booking for 
could you also help me find a 
that sounds good. i will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool. i'd like to leave the pool at 
can you suggest any 
what do you think is the best 
i am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve 
i am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve european food in the 
sure, let's book it for 7 people on 
sure, let's book it for 
sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around 
can you try the same day and number of people at 
i need to arrive by 
i'll be leaving from ely on 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from ely on tuesday after 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
well, price should be in the 
well, price should be in the moderate but i do want a 
yeah, that will be fine. it will need to be on the same day for 
yeah, that will be fine. it will need to be on the same day for 
i would like to see 
great. let me get the address and entrance fee please. i see it's in the 
anything with a 
okay, let me book el shaddai for 5 night starting 
okay, let me book el shaddai for 5 night starting sunday for 
okay, let me book el shaddai for 
okay, let me book 
i will need to leave the attraction by 
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that goes to 
i'll be traveling from norwich, and i'd really like to arrive in cambridge by 
i'll be traveling from 
i'll be traveling from norwich, and i'd really like to arrive in 
hello, i'm looking for some 
is this located in the 
is this located in the south? i would like 
yes please for 2 people at 18:30 on a 
yes please for 
yes please for 2 people at 
yes, i'd also like information about a train. i will be travelling on 
i'm traveling from 
i'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by 
i'm headed to 
hello, i'm planning a trip to cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "
no thank you. i'm also looking for a 
no thank you. i'm also looking for a 4 star 
can you help me find a train leaving 
can you help me find a train leaving tuesday from 
i want to leave after 
price is no concern for me. i need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on 
price is no concern for me. i need it booked for 
price is no concern for me. i need it booked for 1 person for 
yes please. i'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so i need a room for 1 starting 
yes please. i'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so i need a room for 
yes please. i'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so i need a room for 1 starting tuesday for 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the 
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the 
yes, i prefer 
well let's change that to mexican and i need a reservation for 2 people at 16:30 on 
well let's change that to mexican and i need a reservation for 
well let's change that to mexican and i need a reservation for 2 people at 
well let's change that to 
yeah, i'm also looking for a hotel called the 
2 people on 
yeah, what can you tell me about 
i need to book a stay for 5 nights for 
i need to book a stay for 
i would like to travel on 
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on 
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:1
i'd like to know of interesting places to go situated in the 
i would like to find an 
you're right, we should an attraction first. i'm pretty open to anything as long as its located in the 
looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi. the hotel should be in the 
looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 
i really need a 
hi, i am hoping to find a 
don't care. but i'd like a place that's 
5 people starting on 
yes i also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to 
yes i also need a train that leavers after 
i'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that is 
yes i would like to eat 
i am also interested in finding out information about local 
i would like to book a taxi now please. i need to leave the restaurant by 
i'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. i want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 
i'm looking for one that is 
is it available for 4 nights starting from 
is it available for 4 nights starting from sunday for 
is it available for 
thank you, i also need a place to eat in the 
i'm looking for 
i'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. i need to leave the hotel by 
i need a train on 
i would like to arrive by 
i would like to arrive by 8:30 in 
oh, sorry. departing from 
okay... i'll keep that in mind. oh, i also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the 
okay... i'll keep that in mind. oh, i also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving 
no preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the 
no preference on price, please recommend any 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 3 people at 
same day, 
how about one that has a 4 star rating and is 
how about one that has a 
what about something in the 
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from 
book a hotel for 
book a hotel for 8 people and 
book a 
i want a 
yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from 
yes, please book for 
yes, please book for 8 people for 
it should be in the 
i would prefer the 
if there are no swimming pools in the 
if there are no swimming pools in the south, then i would consider a 
i also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 
i'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. i need to leave by 
hi, i'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called 
yes, please. i'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on 
yes, please. i'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 
yes, please. i'd like the reservation to be at 
i would also like to find a 
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from byard art and take me to galleria by 
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from 
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from byard art and take me to 
what area is 
thanks! i've also heard about a little place in town called 
yes 
it'll be for 7 people, 2 nights, starting 
it'll be for 
it'll be for 7 people, 
i'm interested in finding some things to do in the 
i'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town. specifically i am interested in 
can you look for a 
okay, i'm also looking for a place to dine. i'd like to eat 
sounds great! can you please book me a table for 8 on 
sounds great! can you please book me a table for 
sounds great! can you please book me a table for 8 on thursday at 
thank you. can you also book me a taxi to take me from emmanuel college to get me to the stazione restaurant by 
thank you. can you also book me a taxi to take me from 
i am looking fot a hotel, 
yes well i would like to book it for 3 nights staring from 
yes well i would like to book it for 3 nights staring from wednesday for 
yes well i would like to book it for 
yes please try another 
is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on 
is there a train that leaves to 
can you help me find a train to 
yes i need to find a guesthouse that has a 
yes i need to find a 
i am interested in staying in the 
i have no preference. i need to book a room for 2 nights starting 
i have no preference. i need to book a room for 
just 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i'd like a restaurant on the 
that sounds good, can i book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on 
that sounds good, can i book a table there for 
that sounds good, can i book a table there for 1 person at 
i need a place for a 
i need a place for a modern european food. 
yes, i need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on 
yes, i need to reserve a table for 
yes, i need to reserve a table for 5 at 
i want the train to arrive by 
yes it's from 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i would like 
how about 
sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on 
sure make me a booking for 
sure make me a booking for 8 people at 
i also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 
i am leaving 
i am leaving stevenage and going to 
i want to find an expensive restaurant located in cambridge 
i want to find an 
i am in the mood for 
perfect. i need a table for 1 at 19:45 on 
perfect. i need a table for 
perfect. i need a table for 1 at 
i am looking for 
okay, i'm also looking for a place to say. needs to be a 
yes the 
i would prefer a 
any price range will work, whatever you recommend. i need a 
any price range will work, whatever you recommend. i need a 4 star 
sorry! do you have any 
do you have any in the 
thank you, i'll take the 
thank you, i'll take the moderate price that is 
i am looking to eat at 
hi. can you help me find a 
i was thinking somewhere in the 
ok, that sounds good, i need to book a table at 18:00 on 
ok, that sounds good, i need to book a table at 18:00 on tuesday for 
ok, that sounds good, i need to book a table at 
can you also find me a train that goes to peterborough on wednesday? i need to arrive by 
can you also find me a train that goes to peterborough on 
can you also find me a train that goes to 
which train arrives closest to 
departure from 
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 
i am looking for a 
no. but i would like a 
no. but i would like a cheap 
i would like to check in on 
i would like to check in on thursday and stay for 3 nights. i need to book a room for 
i would like to check in on thursday and stay for 
yes please, can you help me me find an italian restaurant in the 
yes please, can you help me me find an 
yes please, can you help me me find an italian restaurant in the west that is 
yes, i need a table for 6 on 
yes, i need a table for 
yes, i need a table for 6 on thursday. we'd like it at 
i'm looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to 
wednesday leaving 
i would like to book a cheap hotel in the 
i would like to book a 
yes please book me a reservations for 
yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at 
yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at rosa's bed and breakfast and find me the 
i will be there for 
i will be there for 
i would like it for 
how about a 
are there any other 
i wanted to travel to kings lynn. do you have a train leaving on 
i wanted to travel to 
i would like to arrive by 
that would work can i get 
it should be in the 
that sounds great! can you please book it for me starting on 
i am looking for a 
no preference of area but would like it to be 
no preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 
what area is 
i would like a hotel that is in the 
i would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a 
not sure. i'm strapped for cash, is it in the 
can you book one of them for 
i would like to check in on 
for 
yes i am looking at a train that departs stansted airport for 3 people. leaves 
yes i am looking at a train that departs stansted airport for 
i need to find an 
i am in cambridge and would like to try the restaurant 
could you? that would be great. i would love a table for 7 on 
could you? that would be great. i would love a table for 
could you? that would be great. i would love a table for 7 on saturday at 
thanks. i also want to find a 
i am looking for a 
i would prefer if the guesthouse was in the 
i would prefer if the 
that will work. i want to make a reservation for 1 person. it will need to be for 3 nights starting from 
that will work. i want to make a reservation for 
that will work. i want to make a reservation for 1 person. it will need to be for 
can you check if a 
are there any attractions in the 
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a taxi from 
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a taxi from alexander to 
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a taxi from alexander to all saints church? i need to leave the hotel by 
i would like to find a guesthouse with a 
i would like to find a 
yes i need it for 3 people for 2 night starting 
yes i need it for 
yes i need it for 3 people for 
find a restaurant in the 
i'd like 
yes, for the same group of people on 
yes, for the same group of people on monday at 
i'd like something 
i'd like something moderately priced, with a 
i would prefer to stay in the 
yes, i'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 
yes, i'm open to a 
could you find me a train leaving on 
could you find me a train leaving on tuesday going to 
thanks! whenever i depart is fine, as long as i arrive at london kings cross by 
thanks! whenever i depart is fine, as long as i arrive at 
i'm looking for a hotel called the 
i'm going to 
i'm going to stevenage from 
i want to leave cambridge on 
i want to leave 
i want to leave cambridge on tuesday, after 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the north i have a 
yes, i would like something with a 
yes, i would like something with a 4 star rating, and i would like for it to be a 
i would like it for 3 people and 3 nights starting on 
i would like it for 
i would like it for 
yes, i was looking for a particular attraction, 
i am looking for a reasonably priced 
that sounds nice. can you please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on 
that sounds nice. can you please book a table for 
that sounds nice. can you please book a table for 2 at 
i need to be in cambridge by 10:15 on 
i'll be leaving from 
yes please. 
i am looking for an international restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
we will be mainly in the 
we will be mainly in the west part of town. are there any 
how about a 
i would also like to find a room in the 
can you book that starting for 
sure, 1 night and 
sure, 
i would like to get information on the 
thanks! i will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from 
thanks! i will book the hotel for 
thanks! i will book the hotel for 7 people for 
hello, what can you tell me about 
yes, i need it booked for 7 people on 
yes, i need it booked for 
yes, i need it booked for 7 people on tuesday at 
thank you so much. and yes, i also need to find a train to bishops stortford, please. i will be leaving from cambridge on 
i want it to arrive by 
yes please book tickets on that train for 
ok, i also need a place to stay and i don't care about free parking, but can it be 
i want to stay on the 
i want to stay on the east side of town and i'm looking for a 
yes, can you book me at the guesthouse for 
yes, can you book me at the 
what trains arrive in cambridge by 
what trains arrive in 
i am traveling from kings lynn on 
i am traveling from 
i don't have a departure time. i just need to be in cambridge by 
i don't have a departure time. i just need to be in 
please book for 
i am also looking for a moderately priced 
i am also looking for a 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves 
could i have the address for the 
i'd like to visit a 
thank you. i also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the 
thank you. i also need a hotel with a 
i need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from 
i need to make reservations for 
i need to make reservations for 6 people and 
i'm sorry, starting from 
i'm sorry, starting from sunday for 2 nights, 
i'm sorry, starting from sunday for 
thank you. now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? i'd like to leave the hotel by 
i need a 
great! book for 1 people starting on 
great! book for 
great! book for 1 people starting on thursday for 
hello. i am looking for a hotel, it should be in the 
i want a hotel and not a guesthouse. it should also be on the 
i want a hotel and not a guesthouse. it should also be on the west side of town with a 
i want a 
book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 8 people and 
oh i'm sorry. i'm also looking for places to go. some type of 
can we first find a 
can you find a 3 star hotel in the 
can you find a 
no it needs to be a 
actually, a guest room will be fine. as long as it is a 3 star 
i need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 2 nights on 
i need a moderate hotel, free parking for 
i need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 
i need a 
i'm looking for a train to 
i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 
i will be departing from kings lynn on 
i will be departing from 
that sounds great. i will need 
i also need a place to stay in the 
i also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the 
how many stars does it have? i want a 
yes, i'd lie to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i'd lie to book it for 
yes, i'd lie to book it for 7 people for 
hello, i am looking for a cheap place to dine in the 
hello, i am looking for a 
i would like 
yes. book that one for 3 people on 
yes. book that one for 
yes. book that one for 3 people on friday at 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for an 
yes. an expensive 
yes. an 
yes. i need a hotel with free parking. i would like it in the 
yes, i am looking for a hotel in the 
great! i'm also looking for a place to go in the 
i will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the ashley hotel and 
i will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the 
thank you for correcting that. can you book a taxi for me? i'd like to go from the 
thank you for correcting that. can you book a taxi for me? i'd like to go from the broughton house to the hotel, and leave by 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in 
can i get the postcode for that 
i'm also looking for a train that goes to birmingham new street and leaves on 
i'm also looking for a train that goes to 
i am departing from cambridge and would like to be in birmingham new street by 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and would like to be in 
hi i am looking for a place to stay in the 
i need 3 rooms for nights in a 
i'm actually looking for an expensive 
i'm actually looking for an 
what about 
no. just pick one. i need a table for 4 at 16:30 on 
no. just pick one. i need a table for 
no. just pick one. i need a table for 4 at 
i'd like to get some additional information on this 
i want it to go to my restaurant by 
i am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 
i am looking for a train that departs from 
does that train leave from cambridge? i need something on 
does that train leave from 
yes, i would need a booking for 
thank you! i'm also looking for a cheap hotel. it does 
thank you! i'm also looking for a 
yes i would like to stay on the 
yes book the autumn house for 3 people for 5 nights starting 
yes book the autumn house for 
yes book the autumn house for 3 people for 
yes book the 
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like to find an 
how about 
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 6 people at 
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on tuesday at the 
yes please. i want 4 nights from 
yes please. i want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i'd like to try indian cuisine. i a table for three at 15:45 on 
i'd like to try indian cuisine. i a table for three at 
i'd like to try 
yes, let's try for 
i will be in the 
i will be in the west part of town, but i think i am more interested in 
sure, what's the postcode for that 
thanks! i'm also looking for somewhere to stay. any hotels? maybe around a 
thanks! i'm also looking for somewhere to stay. any 
can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? i'd like a room for 2 nights on 
can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? i'd like a room for 
can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? i'd like a room for 
can you recommend a 
can you recommend a 3 star 
actually, i wanted a 
actually, i wanted a 3 star 
hmm can you check one more time, it should really be a 
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 
i need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 3 in the 
i need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 
i need you to find me a 
im looking for a restaurant in the 
im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the 
i am looking for the 
i am looking for the east part of town, serving 
how about chinese food on the 
how about 
i'd like a train leaving 
i'd like a train leaving cambridge after 
i am going to norwich on 
i am going to 
fantastic. where could i stay that has 
is it in the moderate price range ? and in 
is it in the 
looking for a 
do you have 
do you have brazilian or 
i need a place to dine during my trip. it needs to be in the 
i need a place to dine during my trip. it needs to be in the east and serve 
can you see if there's any 
yes. please book us a spot for 7 people on 
yes. please book us a spot for 
yes. please book us a spot for 7 people on thursday at 
i also need a train on 
actually i want to arrive before 
yes, i would like that for 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving 
no, i'd really like cheap 
no, i'd really like 
what about a place serving 
yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the 
yes, can you help me with a 
i need to book for 
i need to book for friday for 
there will be 
i also want to book a taxi to leave 
i also want to book a taxi to leave rosa's bed and breakfast by 
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i would like to be in the 
yes, i would like to be in the north. oh and i would like to be in the 
i need an expensive hotel in the 
i need an 
a moderate price range. i need 
a 
i prefer a guesthouse please. i only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from 
i prefer a guesthouse please. i only need it for myself for 
i prefer a 
i want to find an 
i want to find an expensive 
i need it to have a 
ok, how about something in the 
yes they must have a 
yes they must have a 4 star rating with free parking. do any of the 
i need a hotel on the 
i'd prefer a 
i'd prefer a moderate price 
that sounds fine. would you make a reservation for 4 people, 3 nights starting 
that sounds fine. would you make a reservation for 
that sounds fine. would you make a reservation for 4 people, 
yes i am looking for a restaurant in 
yes i am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves 
i will want it for five, on thrusday, 1
i will want it for five, on thrusday, 
thank you! i also need info on a train. it should leave on 
thank you! i also need info on a train. it should leave on friday 
i'm going to 
i need to find an expensive 
i need to find an 
6 british restaurants, wow! i need a table for 2 at 12:00 on 
6 british restaurants, wow! i need a table for 
6 british restaurants, wow! i need a table for 2 at 
6 
i need a train too. i will be leaving from 
i'm heading to cambridge, i would like to make it to london liverpool street by 
i'm heading to cambridge, i would like to make it to 
i want to find a place that serves 
how about 
do you know an indian restaurants in 
do you know an 
i forgot to mention i'm looking for something in the 
i forgot to mention i'm looking for something in the east area. if 
i need to arrive after 
my destination is 
yes please. book it for 
can you get me information on a placed called 
i would like to find a place called 
thank you. can you also tell me about a restaurant called 
i would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on 
i would like you to book for 
i would like you to book for 8 people on 
thank you. i'll also need a taxi to go from williams art and antiques to the restaurant. i need to be there by 
thank you. i'll also need a taxi to go from 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant called 
i want to leave the college by 
hello, i'm looking for a guesthouse in the 
hello, i'm looking for a 
i need an 
how about one in the 
were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the 
were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? i need to book one for 4 people and 2 nights starting on 
were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? i need to book one for 
were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? i need to book one for 4 people and 
were you able to find a moderately 
were you able to find a moderately expensive 
is there one in the 
nothing else, book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from 
nothing else, book it for 
nothing else, book it for 4 people and 
i'm going to need a ride to 
i'm going to need a ride to bishops stortford. is there a train i could get on, around say... 
yes, i would like a train for 
yes, i would like a train for friday departing from 
i am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced 
i am looking for a place to eat some 
oh, that's okay. how about a restaurant that serves 
for 
actually, can i change that to friday. i would need a reservation that day for 
actually, can i change that to friday. i would need a reservation that day for 7 people at 
do you know of any colleges in the city 
do you know of any 
i choose 
hello, i would like to find the 
can i book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting 
can i book a stay there for 
can i book a stay there for 1 person for 
hi i'm looking to stay at a place with a 
i would like a 
there are 8 of us, staying 5 nights, beginning on 
there are 
there are 8 of us, staying 
please help me find a restaurant that serves italian food located in the 
please help me find a restaurant that serves 
i will need to have one that is 
yes i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 6 people at 
yes, i am also looking for a train from 
yes, i am also looking for a train from london kings cross to 
i want to arrive by 9:15, leaving on 
i need to book a train to 
i am looking for a train that leaves norwich on friday and arrives in cambridge by 
i am looking for a train that leaves norwich on 
i am looking for a train that leaves 
i am looking for a train that leaves norwich on friday and arrives in 
actually, i'm looking for an expensive hotel in the 
actually, i'm looking for an 
i'm looking for a restaurant that is high end 
yes, i'd like it to be in the 
great i also am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the 
i would like it to be in the 
i would prefer something in the 
i would prefer something in the centre area, that has a moderate price range, and serves 
i would prefer something in the centre area, that has a 
are there any restaurants in the cenre that serve 
i'm not ready for a reservation, but can i get the address for 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
do any of them have an opening for 5 people 
do any of them have an opening for 
do any of them have an opening for 5 people friday night at 
i would like to leave liverpool street on 
i would like to leave liverpool street on tuesday and arrive in 
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 
i would like to arrive in 
i also need a place to stay. 
in the 
do you have one with a star of 
try either one of the cheap ones, i need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on 
try either one of the cheap ones, i need one that can hold my group of 
try either one of the cheap ones, i need one that can hold my group of 7 for 
i'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves 
i'm looking for an 
no, but i need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on 
no, but i need to book a table for 
no, but i need to book a table for 4 people at 
yes, i am searching for a hotel named the 
yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes please for 
yes please for 5 people for 
yes please. i want to stay around the 
hi, are there any fusion restaurants on the 
hi, are there any 
let's try for 
yes for 3 people at 18:15 on a 
yes for 
yes for 3 people at 
thank you. can you tell me a little about 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
i would like to book somewhere with 
how about one that serves 
yeah, i need reservations for 
i'd like them for 
i'd like them for friday at 18:15, please. table for 
i'd like them for friday at 
i'm looking for a hotel that's in the 
i'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of cambridge and it needs to have a 
the star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 4 nights, checking in 
the star rating does not matter, please book one for 
the star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant called 
yes. please make a reservation for two people at 
i need a hotel in the 
i need a 
can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on 
can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 
can you see if either of them are available for 
well, i'll have to see if i can shorten my stay then. can you try for just 
can you help me find 
that would be great. can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on 
that would be great. can you book a table for 
that would be great. can you book a table for 3 at 
no. it should free packing and located in the 
okay. also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves 
the restaurant should be in the 
yeah, please book me for 6 people, on 
yeah, please book me for 
yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 
great, thanks. can you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for one that is cheap and in the 
great, thanks. can you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for one that is 
great can i book that for 8 people at 11:00 on 
great can i book that for 
great can i book that for 8 people at 
yes, can you try for 
can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to 
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in 
i am looking for a 
is the express by holiday inn 
is the express by holiday inn cheap? and have a star of 
hm, i would rather stay at a 
hm, i would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 
hm, i would rather stay at a cheap 
sounds great. could i also get info on a train for 
it should depart cambridge to peterborough. i need to be there by 
it should depart cambridge to peterborough. i need to be there by 21:30. i need reservations for 
it should depart 
it should depart cambridge to 
hi, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for a 
let's try the portuguese restaurant. i need a reservation for 
let's try the portuguese restaurant. i need a reservation for monday at 14:
let's try the portuguese restaurant. i need a reservation for monday at 
let's try the 
i am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 4 star 
either is fine. can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights? we'll arrive on 
either is fine. can you book a room for 
either is fine. can you book a room for 7 people for 
are there any trains going to 
my departure day is 
my departure day is monday at 
oh, no, i see that train will not work for me. i need to arrive by 
wonderful, thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately 
please try one that serves 
can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 5 people at 
i'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant the serves 
what about something in the 
ok, how about an expensive italian restaurant around the 
ok, how about an expensive 
ok, how about an 
that's all the info i need on the pizzeria. i also need a train to leave after 20:15 and depart from 
that's all the info i need on the pizzeria. i also need a train to leave after 
actually i need a train on 
what is the arrival time in 
i am looking for a 
i don't care about that. i do want a place with a 
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i want to find an 
i'd like to stay in a 
my price range is 
no, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on 
no, but there will be 
no, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 
yes, i need a booking for this 
i would also like some 
i want to leave the restaurant by 
hello! can you please give me information about 
also looking for a restaurant that serves 
also looking for a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the 
yes for 5 people at 16:00 on 
yes for 
yes for 5 people at 
i need a place to stay in the 
in the 
in the west. a 
i'm leaving from norwich. i'll need to arrive at cambridge on monday by 
i'm leaving from norwich. i'll need to arrive at cambridge on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from norwich. i'll need to arrive at 
grab me 
i need to find a train into cambridge that will arrive by 
i need to find a train into 
i will be leaving the stansted airport on 
i will be leaving the 
book it for 
i am looking to find a guesthouse in the 
i am looking to find a 
are there any 4 star guesthouses in the 
are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are 
are there any 
are there any 4 star 
how about one that is in the type of 
are there any 
are there any 
are there any 4 star 
i do not want to stay in a guesthouse. i want to stay in a 
i'm sorry. the guesthouse would be my preference. it should be 
i'm sorry. the 
is there a possibly a 
i don't care about what part of town it is in, but i would like a 
i don't care about what part of town it is in, but i would like a 3 star 
can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from 
can you make a reservation for 
can you make a reservation for 8 people for 
actually, i'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the 
actually, i'm also looking for an 
i need to book a table for the same group of people at 
i need a moderately prices two start hotel in the 
i need a 
i need a moderately prices two start 
no. i just misspoke. i'm looking for a moderately priced 
no. i just misspoke. i'm looking for a 
i would like a table on 
12:15 on 
1
i'm looking for a train to arrive by 
i'm looking for a train to arrive by 21:45 on 
it would be from 
it would be from broxbourne to 
i also need a place in the 
i also need a place in the centre that serves 
book a table for the same group of people at 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a saturday train departure from 
i'm hoping for a train to 
i'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after 
no, but i need to find a restaurant. it should serve vietnamese food and it should be in the 
no, but i need to find a restaurant. it should serve 
how about a 
how about a chinese restaurant. ideally 
i'd like to reserve a table for 3 at the hotpot for 10:00 
i'd like to reserve a table for 
i'd like to reserve a table for 3 at the hotpot for 
i'd like to reserve a table for 3 at 
is there a thai restaurant in the 
is there a 
i am looking for places to go in the 
i'm also looking for a hotel. i want a place with a 
sure, how about something 
anything 
anything moderately priced in the 
yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on 
yes, please book me for 
yes i need a taxi to leave the 
yes i need a taxi to leave the club salsa by 
i need a restaurant that serves 
what is the other 
what is the other turkish restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the 
find me an expensive restaurant in the 
find me an 
i would like a restaurant that serves 
hi. i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves 
how about 
i am looking for the restaurant 
anywhere, i would just like it to be 
4 people, 
4 people, friday, 15:45. but 
i am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the 
i think a 
okay, great. do you have a phone number for the 
i'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. can you tell me about a 
i think 
sure, any kind of food that is 
thank you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at 
i need to go to the 
i want a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want a 
hello, can you recommend any theatres in the 
hello, can you recommend any 
thank you! i don't care about the price range, but i would like to stay in the 
is it in the 
yes for 7 for 5 nights starting 
yes for 
yes for 7 for 
i need a train from 
i need a train from stevenage to 
i need to leave on saturday and arrive by 
i need to leave on 
yes please get me 
yes, i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
yes, i'm also looking for an 
i'd love to have some 
yes, please! can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at 
looking for a restaurant in the 
i don't care about the area of town, but i'd like 
are there any 
are there any international restaurants in the 
i want to book a place to stay that is a 
i want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star 
truly? i'm sorry, i'm just surprised cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. well, i need something 
truly? i'm sorry, i'm just surprised cambridge doesn't have a 5 star 
i will be arriving on 
i will be arriving on friday and i need it for 
great. i also need a train from 
great. i also need a train from cambridge leaving after 
going to broxbourne on 
going to 
i would like 
i would like 8 tickets for the train please. i also have a quick question about the 
ok i need another 
i would like to find somewhere with expensive 
i would like to find somewhere with 
sure, let's try 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
i'm trying to find a train that leaves on 
i'm trying to find a train that leaves on sunday and going to 
i'm headed to 
i will be departing from 
i want to leave after 
wait. leaving for london king not ely. i am going to 
great! thank you! i'm also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
thanks for the info! can you please book me a table for 7 people at 18:45 on 
thanks for the info! can you please book me a table for 
thanks for the info! can you please book me a table for 7 people at 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
how about 
i don't have a specific restaurant in mind. i'm looking for an 
i want an expensive one in the 
i want an 
i would really like to find someplace serving thai in the 
i would really like to find someplace serving 
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on 
yes, i need a table for 
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 
one in the 
and serves 
indian food in the 
hi i want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the 
hi i want to find a place to eat in the 
one that serves 
yes any one of them would be find. a table for 4 at 13:30 on 
yes any one of them would be find. a table for 
yes any one of them would be find. a table for 4 at 
no, i really need it for that time and area. maybe the 
i need an inexpensive restaurant in the 
not really, try 
how about one that serves 
i'll try the 
i would like the reservation to be at 
great, now i need a train to leave on 
great, now i need a train to leave on thursday departing from cambridge going to 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the 
i am looking for an 
hello. i am looking for a hotel called 
yes, i am looking for a booking for 8 people starting 
yes, i am looking for a booking for 
two nights starting from 
two nights starting from saturday for 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the 
the hotel should have a star of 
the 
yes 4 people for 4 nights starting 
yes 
yes 
yes 
i am also looking for a 
hi there. can you tell me if you have any information on the 
i need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and 
i need a place to stay, ideally it should be 
ok that's fine, let's try something in the 
yes. that sounds good. can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from 
yes. that sounds good. can you book it for 
yes. that sounds good. can you book it for 1 person and 
okay, try just 
okay, try just 
i am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with 
could you try again, 
yes, can you list some that serve 
i'll take that for 12:30 on 
i'll take that for 
i'll take that for 
please help me find a 
i don't care. i want a 
any are would be fine. can you just check if you have anything that's 
how about one that is a 
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
thanks. i also need a train departing from 
thanks. i also need a train departing from cambridge after 
4 people leaving cambridge and going to london liverpool street on 
4 people leaving 
4 people leaving cambridge and going to 
4 people leaving cambridge and going to london liverpool street on friday, departing after 
are there any 
yes an you search for 
what about a moderately priced european restaurant? i need a reservation for 3 people at 14:30 on 
what about a moderately priced european restaurant? i need a reservation for 
what about a moderately priced european restaurant? i need a reservation for 3 people at 
what about a moderately priced 
what about a 
i also need a train to leave friday and arrive by 
i also need a train to leave 
i also need a train to leave friday and arrive by 08:15 from bishop stortford by 
i actually need the train to arrive at 
great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from 
great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from cambridge to 
hi, i need to find out information on trains leaving 
hi, i need to find out information on trains leaving cambridge and going to 
i was looking to leave after 
i would like to depart 
er, sorry, i actually needed that train on 
that's all the info i needed on the train, i am also looking for a place to stay with free parking in the 
i also need free wifi, and i would prefer a 
yes, can you book 4 nights at the ashley hotel starting on 
yes, can you book 4 nights at the ashley hotel starting on wednesday? that is for 
yes, can you book 
yes, can you book 4 nights at the 
yes, can you book 4 nights at the ashley 
how about a 
actually i am looking for a particular hotel called the 
can you help me find a train? i am looking for one that departs from cambridge for leicester. it should arrive by 
can you help me find a train? i am looking for one that departs from cambridge for leicester. it should arrive by 18:00 and needs to leave on 
can you help me find a train? i am looking for one that departs from 
can you help me find a train? i am looking for one that departs from cambridge for 
no, any one that arrives before 
hi, where can i find the 
thank you. i also require information on trains going into cambridge next 
thank you. i also require information on trains going into 
bishops stortford, it needs to leave after 
hi, i'm looking for a hotel called 
thank you. please book a reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting 
thank you. please book a reservation for 
thank you. please book a reservation for 6 people for 
i would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the 
i would like a 
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in. it should be located in the 
i need a 
do you have one in the 
i also need a train. i'm going to birmingham new street and need to leave on 
i also need a train. i'm going to 
i need a train that arrives by 
i need a train that arrives by 17:00. i will be departing from 
hi, can you help me find a train departing from 
i am going to 
i'd like to leave after 
no, the arrival time does not matter. i need to book 
great! also, i'm looking for the 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a halal restaurant with 
what about a different moderately priced restaurant in the 
what about a different 
yes i would like 
yes, please. can you book a table on 
yes, please. can you book a table on sunday for 
yes, please. can you book a table on sunday for 5 people at 
go ahead and try to book it for 11:4
go ahead and try to book it for 
i am also looking for a train leaving 
i want to go to 
i need to arrive by 
i actually need to arrive by 
i need to get to cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from 
i need to get to 
where can i eat in the 
where can i eat in the centre for a 
i would like to book a table for 3 at 16:45 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 3 at 
just a moderately priced restaurant in the 
just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, yippee noodle bar sounds good. if 16:15 doesn't work, i can change to 
just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, 
just a 
i need a train that goes from cambridge to leicester and leaves after 
i need a train that goes from cambridge to leicester and leaves after 11:15 on 
i need a train that goes from 
i need a train that goes from cambridge to 
i need a train that goes from cambridge to leicester and leaves after 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for some lodging. are there any 
in the 
in the west please. also, i'd like it to be 
yes, let's check the 
i am going to cambridge from stansted on thursday and arriving by 
i am going to cambridge from stansted on 
i am going to 
i need a moderately priced place to dine on the 
i need a 
i would be interested in a moderately priced indian restaurant on the 
i would be interested in a moderately priced 
i would be interested in a 
i need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 
i would like to leave the restaurant by 
i need a place to stay in cambridge. a hotel in 
i need a place to stay in cambridge. a 
yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. i'll be staying for 3 nights starting on 
yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 
yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. i'll be staying for 
thank you. i also need to find a restaurant near the hotel in the 
thank you. i also need to find a restaurant near the 
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an indian restaurant in the 
i am looking for an 
the restaurant should be in the 
hi, i'm going to visit cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves 
hi, i'm going to visit cambridge and am interested in finding a 
i would like a train that arrives at cambridge at 
i would like a train that arrives at 
no, i don't need a reservation there. i do need a train from cambridge on thursday. i'll be going to norwich, and i need to get there by 
no, i don't need a reservation there. i do need a train from cambridge on 
no, i don't need a reservation there. i do need a train from 
no, i don't need a reservation there. i do need a train from cambridge on thursday. i'll be going to 
i need 
i want the address to the 
please check to see if there any rooms available on 
please check to see if there any rooms available on sunday for 5 nights. i will need 
please check to see if there any rooms available on sunday for 
never mind on a place to eat. can you help me find info on the 
hello! i would like to get some 
yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for 
yes, can you please reserve me a table for 
yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for friday at 
great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly 
i want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting 
i want to arrive at 
i need a train from cambridge on 
i need a train from 
i'm heading to norwich and need to leave after 11:15 from 
i'm heading to 
i'm heading to norwich and need to leave after 
yes, that would be great! i need 
is there anything in the 
is there anything in the south with a star of 
i need a list of available trains leaving from 
i need a list of available trains leaving from cambridge after 
i actually need to leave from cambridge and go to kings lynn. i also need to travel on 
i actually need to leave from 
i actually need to leave from cambridge and go to 
so the one that arrives at 14:58 that also leaves at 
yes, please. i would also like a place to eat that serves european food, is expensive, and in 
yes, please. i would also like a place to eat that serves 
yes, please. i would also like a place to eat that serves european food, is 
i would like one of the 
i would like the 
i would like to book a table for 8 at 11:45 on 
i would like to book a table for 
i would like to book a table for 8 at 
could you provide details for something in the 
can you recommend a place to stay that has free wifi? i need something in the 
in the 
can you see if there's anything in the 
great. can you give me the phone number and address for the 
i don't have a preference. i would like a room with a 
i prefer one in the 
i prefer one in the east. how about a 
i prefer one in the east. how about a 4 star 
what is the price range of the 
actually, i apologize no need to book, i was just gathering information. but i do need information on a train from 
actually, i apologize no need to book, i was just gathering information. but i do need information on a train from leicester to 
i need a 
please look for something 
yes, please book a table for 6 people on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 6 people on wednesday at 
that's great, i need a train for the same day, arriving at 
that's great, i need a train for the same day, arriving at 11:45 from 
that's great, i need a train for the same day, arriving at 11:45 from london kings cross to 
i'd like to find a cheap 
i'd like to find a 
what kind of restaurants are in the 
what kind of restaurants are in the west that's 
no, that will be fine. i am needing help finding a hotel in a 
no, that will be fine. i am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 
no, that will be fine. i am needing help finding a 
how about the 
area doesn't actually matter. but if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a 
great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting 
great can you book that for 
great can you book that for 8 people for 
can you help me find a hotel called 
i would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on 
i would like to book it for 
i would like to book it for 7 people for 
yes, i'd also like a train leaving after 14:15 on 
yes, i'd also like a train leaving after 
i need to go from 
i need to go from cambridge to 
yes, please. i'll need 
i am looking for a train that should depart norwich and leave on 
i am looking for a train that should depart 
sure, i'd like to leave for 
sure, i'd like to leave for cambridge after 
no that's okay. i am looking for a place to stay though, somewhere in the 
the one with 
are there any 
is that a hotel or guesthouse? if a guesthouse i'd like to book for 2 people for 1 night on 
is that a hotel or guesthouse? if a guesthouse i'd like to book for 
is that a hotel or guesthouse? if a guesthouse i'd like to book for 2 people for 
hi, can you help me find a 
i don't care where, i just need it to be 
yes, i would like to book a four star 
i'd like to get a little more information first. what is the price range at the 
i'd like to get a little more information first. what is the price range at the huntingdon marriott 
i want the 
i'd like to leave the pool by 
yes, just one more thing. what's the address of the 
thank you. could you book me a taxi from the pool at 
i am looking for a restaurnt in the 
where is 
is this in the 
what type of food do they serve? and to clarify, this is 
i want a danish restaurant in the 
i want a 
how about an italian restaurant in the 
how about an 
can you help me find an 
my price range is 
i am actually looking for an italian place. in the 
i am actually looking for an 
i'm looking for info on 
great! i also need a taxi to get there. i want to leave 
great! i also need a taxi to get there. i want to leave caffe uno at 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on 
great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 
great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 
how about 10:30 on 
how about 
hi there, can you help me find a good 
i'd like it to be in the 
i'd like it to be in the north, and 
lets try hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on 
lets try hakka,can you book a table for 
lets try hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 
lets try 
lets try 
thank you! i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the 
i'd actually like a 
i am looking for 
how about a restaurant serving 
may i have the address and phone number of 
can you help me find an expensive 
can you help me find an 
can you look for 
book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on 
book a table for 
book a table for 6 people at 
i also need to train leaving from cambridge on 
i also need to train leaving from 
my destination is london liverpool street, departing on 
my destination is london liverpool street, departing on wednesday from 
my destination is 
my destination is london liverpool street, departing on wednesday from cambridge after 
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an 
how about 
i'd like some information about the 
yes, please and thank you. i'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? i'll be traveling from london king's cross to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on saturday and would like to leave after 
a star of 4 and should be in the cheap range and in the 
a star of 4 and should be in the 
a star of 
yes, please. on 
yes, please. on tuesday for 3 nights for 
yes, please. on tuesday for 
is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on 
is there a train that leaves after 
i'm going from 
i'm going from leicester to 
just 
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the 
free parking and very 
yes, i'll need a room for 
yes, i'll need a room for 7 people for 
hi, i am looking for information on a restaurant it's called 
oh yes! please i need a reservation for 5 people on 
oh yes! please i need a reservation for 
oh yes! please i need a reservation for 5 people on saturday at 
i'm not particular on the area; is there one near 
i would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at 
i'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on 
i'm in need of a train coming from 
we are traveling to 
we are traveling to broxbourne. oh, and we should leave after 
yes please. i need 
i need you to look up 
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 5 nights. i want it from 
yes please. i need it for 
yes please. i need it for 
would it help if i stayed for only 
how about 
how about 
i am looking for 
yes. for 5 people and 3 nights starting on 
yes. for 
yes. for 5 people and 
i need a place to stay in the 
the hotel should be in a 
i would like one with 
please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from 
please book one of those for 
please book one of those for 6 people and 
i would also like information on jesus 
i will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by 
i need to arrive by 
a moderately priced restaurant in the 
a 
hello, i'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the 
hello, i'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of 
no problem, are there any 
i also need a 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 
book it! need 3 people for 5 nights starting 
book it! need 
book it! need 3 people for 
yes please. i want to leave the attraction no later than 
i am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the 
i am looking for some place to go that offers 
is there one that has 
something in the 
hi, i am trying to find a restaurant serving 
hi, i am trying to find a restaurant serving italian cuisine, something 
i need a train to 
i need a train to cambridge that leaves after 
i will need to depart from 
i would like to leave on 
yes, i need tickets for 
i am also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
please book a table for the same group of people at 
i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the 
i am looking for an 
i think 
hi there. i need help finding a train leaving cambridge on 
hi there. i need help finding a train leaving 
the train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 10:00. i would like 
the train should be arriving at 
the train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 
let's back up a bit here. i need to get to 
i'm also looking for information about a hotel called 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the 
i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i'm interested in a 
yes, get me a table for two at dojo noodle bar on 
yes, get me a table for two at dojo noodle bar on wednesday at 
yes, get me a table for two at 
hmm.. can you try at 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
it should be in the 
great. could i book a table for 6 people on 
great. could i book a table for 
great. could i book a table for 6 people on sunday at 
i am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the 
doesn't matter, as long as i leave whale of a time and get to india house before my reservation at 
doesn't matter, as long as i leave 
doesn't matter, as long as i leave whale of a time and get to 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves 
not really, but i have 
that sounds perfect! could you book me a table for 
that sounds perfect! could you book me a table for friday at 1
that sounds perfect! could you book me a table for friday at 
yes, i also need a hotel, i am on a budget so if you could find a 
yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on 
yes, for 2 nights for 
could you help me find a 
could you help me find a moderately priced 
oh, that's a bummer. ok, how about trying in the 
the stars don't matter. please book one for 3 people for 5 nights, starting 
the stars don't matter. please book one for 
the stars don't matter. please book one for 3 people for 
let's try to start on 
i actually would like it to be on 
i actually would like it to be on sunday for 
i would like to find some place to go in town where i can look at 
ya i am also looking for a 
wifi will be fine then. just something 
yes, please. i need a reservation for 
yes, please. i need a reservation for saturday, 4 nights and 
yes, please. i need a reservation for saturday, 
i need to find a place to stay in the 
i would like 
i would like cheap with a 
thanks! i actually would like a room, please. we'll arrive on 
thanks! i actually would like a room, please. we'll arrive on monday and stay 
thanks! i actually would like a room, please. we'll arrive on monday and stay 
thanks! i actually would like a room, please. we'll arrive on monday and stay 
i also wanted to find a 
yes, may i have both the address and postcode for 
yes, may i have both the address and postcode for the junction 
i'd like a taxi please to pick me up at 
i'd like a taxi please to pick me up at the junction at 06:45 and then take me to 
i'd like a taxi please to pick me up at the junction at 
i would prefer one that is a 
can i have the pricing and address of the one in the 
yes a four star hotel that is 
yes a four star 
is that a 
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the 
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the north that's 
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant where i can get some 
i'm looking for a 
what about a cheap korean restaurant in the 
what about a cheap 
what about a 
what about 
yes, i am also looking for a 
yes please book it for four people in the three nights starting on 
i suppose. is there a room available for 2 nights, starting 
i suppose. is there a room available for 
could you help me find a 
could you help me find a moderately priced 
yes. the 
yes it will. please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on 
yes it will. please book it for 
yes it will. please book it for 4 people staying 
yes, please find another 
yes, please find another moderate 
do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the 
do you have any 
hmmm ... let's try booking the acorn guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving 
hmmm ... let's try booking the acorn guesthouse for 1 night? 
hmmm ... let's try booking the acorn guesthouse for 
oh dear. can you try one more time? moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, friday, 
oh dear. can you try one more time? moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 
oh dear. can you try one more time? 
i am coming to cambridge and need a place to stay. is there a hotel in 
i am coming to cambridge and need a place to stay. is there a 
is that a 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 7 people for 
actually, i also need a 
i am looking for the 
i am looking for the south side and 
yes the same group of people on the same day at 
are there any cheap options in the 
are there any 
to cambridge from 
to 
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after 
i will be traveling on 
the train should leave broxbourne after 11:1
the train should leave 
the train should leave broxbourne after 
i will be needing a place to stay on the 
is it 
book it for the same group of people and 
sorry. for 3 people, starting 
sorry. for 
howdy, i'm looking for a 
i prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 
i prefer a 
how about an 
yes. either of those should work although i would prefer the 
yes. either of those should work although i would prefer the lensfield 
please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
please book for 
please book for 4 people and 
i need a place to stay in the 
i am looking fro something cheap with a 
i would like to book a 
cityroomz will be fine. i need a room for 2 nights starting 
cityroomz will be fine. i need a room for 2 nights starting thursday. there will be a total of 
cityroomz will be fine. i need a room for 
i would also like to know about fun things to do in town. what types of 
can you give me the full address for 
can you give me the full address for downing 
i want to leave my hotel no later than 
hey there, i need to find a train to cambridge from 
hey there, i need to find a train to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 15:30 on 
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the 
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. i don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a 
definitely 
i would like one with a 2 star rating, if the moderately priced one is 2 stars i'd like to book it for 2 nights starting 
i would like one with a 
i would like one with a 
i would like to book for 5 people, two nights starting 
i would like to book for 
i am also looking for a 
can you tell me a little about the 
yes what restaurants are in the 
yes what restaurants are in the west area in the 
don't care as long as it's expensive and in the 
don't care as long as it's 
i would like some information on places to stay in cambridge. i prefer a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would also like to go to a 
i'm sorry for jumping ahead. i do want to book the guesthouse starting 
i'm sorry for jumping ahead. i do want to book the guesthouse starting tuesday for 
i'm sorry for jumping ahead. i do want to book the guesthouse starting tuesday for 5 people staying 
i'm sorry for jumping ahead. i do want to book the 
thanks. now could i get the phone number for 
okay, can you get a taxi for me? i want to depart the attraction at 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
great! i'm also looking for an 
ok, how about a restaurant that serves 
sure, i need it for 2 people at 18:15 on 
sure, i need it for 
sure, i need it for 2 people at 
i would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves 
i would like to find a 
bummer. could you help me find some cheap 
bummer. could you help me find some 
how about 
i would like to try some 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge. the train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge. the train should depart from 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 21:15 and should go to 
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 
no, i just need 6 tickets departing after 
i would like to stay in the 
thanks, i also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on 
thanks, i also need to train form 
thanks, i also need to train form broxbourne to 
depart does not matter but i need it to arrive by 
i am looking for a gastropub in the 
i am looking for a 
are there any 
how about a modern european cuisine in the 
how about a 
let's book that for 12:45 on 
let's book that for 12:45 on tuesday. it will be for 
let's book that for 
could you try 
yes, i'd like to see some 
i need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 
the hotel should include free parking and should be in the 
the 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights starting 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have availability for 
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have availability for 6 people for 
can you help me find a train leaving peterborough that arrives by 
can you help me find a train leaving 
i need to go to cambridge on 
i need to go to 
i also need a 
i'd like it to be 
i need a guesthouse in the 
i need a 
three people, 
yes, i also need to book a train to kings lynn that leaves after 8:30 on 
yes, i also need to book a train to kings lynn that leaves after 8:30 on wednesday departing 
yes, i also need to book a train to 
yes, i also need to book a train to kings lynn that leaves after 
i really hope you can help. i need a place to stay in the 
i am looking for a train going from 
i am looking for a train going from cambridge to 
i would like to travel on tuesday and i would like to arrive by 
i would like to travel on 
do you have a train that arrives closer to 
yes, i need 
yes please. i'm also looking for a hotel in the 
a 3 star hotel in the 
a 
i i need a hotel located in the 
i i need a 
and the 
and the cambridge belfry is a 
i'm looking for an 
i want 
in the 
how about 
thank you. i am also looking for a 
i'm planning to visit cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale 
i don't mind an 
do you have reservations for 
do you have reservations for 14:00 for 
thanks. i'm also looking for a 
i'm looking for korean food in the 
i'm looking for 
how about 
it does not matter, the price is whatever. just book me one for 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 5 people at 
no, it really doesn't matter. i need free parking and free wifi though. i'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the 
no, it really doesn't matter. i need free parking and free wifi though. i'd like a 
i want to eat at a moderate 
i want to eat at a 
please book a table for 1 people at 18:45 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 1 people at 
thanks. i need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. pick up place: 
something near the attraction 
i would like something in the 
i need it for 1 on 11:30 
i need it for 
i need it for 1 on 
i am looking for an italian restaurant located in the 
i am looking for an 
i think something cheap. if not, go up to 
i need to go to stevenage on 
i need to go to 
i'm leaving from 
yes, after 
i would like an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like an 
i'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the 
i'm hoping to find somewhere 
i am looking for 
you can choose and then book it for me for 
i need a restaurant in the cambridge area that serves 
i need a restaurant in the cambridge area that serves international food and is 
is that restaurant in the 
no particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 
i would like to be picked up from the 
i would like to be picked up from the gonville hotel by 
need a place to eat, 
thanks. i need a place to stay also. i would like a 
i would like to stay on the 
hmm, i've never been there. let's try that. can you book me a room for 
hmm, i've never been there. let's try that. can you book me a room for saturday for 
hmm, i've never been there. let's try that. can you book me a room for saturday for 5 guests, 
thank you, i would like to commute from the hotel to 
thank you, i would like to commute from the hotel to sala thong, and i want to leave by 
hi, i'm looking for the location of the 
could you please book me a stay for one person for 5 nights starting 
could you please book me a stay for one person for 
thanks for booking the lodging. would you help with a restaurant? i want to dine in the center at a 
i would like an 
is the gandhi cheap? if so, i'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at 
is the gandhi cheap? if so, i'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at 
is 
is the gandhi 
how about 
how about 
i'm looking for a hotel in the 
i'd like a 
i need suggestions for a 
okay, let's go with that one. i need a table for 7 at 19:15 on 
okay, let's go with that one. i need a table for 
okay, let's go with that one. i need a table for 7 at 
yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from 
i will be heading to 
i think we got some crossed wires. i need the train from peterborough to cambridge. i need it for 
okay, please book the train for 7 people on 
okay, please book the train for 
yes, i just need to arrive by 
yes, please book that for 
can i please book a train to bishops stortford on 
can i please book a train to 
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 
i'd like to leave 
yes. please book for 
thank you. i also need help finding a place to stay. i'd prefer a 
i don't care about price. it needs to be in the 
does the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves 
what about an 
i am looking for a restaurant called 
yes, for 5 at 11:00 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 5 at 
that would be great. i'm looking for a place to go in the centre. a 
i don't have a specific 
hello! are there any cheap restaurants in the 
hello! are there any 
no just one that i can book for 
16:00 on 
1
thank you, i also am looking for a train that goes from 
thank you, i also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 09:45 
yes, please. for 
i would need 
i need help finding a hotel called 
not at the moment. i'm also interest in an attraction called 
yes, are there any 
actually can i have the address and post code to the 
i will be in cambridge and need a 
i will be in cambridge and need a 4 star 
i want to arrive on 
what is the price and the address for that 
i am looking for a 
i'd like to leave 
i'd like to leave churchill college by 04:30 to travel to the 
i'd like to leave churchill college by 
i would prefer to be in the 
do you have one in a 
i really need a hotel in the 
can you suggest something to do on the 
something that is 
yes i would like more information about the 
i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the 
i'm also looking for a 
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from 
yes book for 
yes book for 6 people for 
either one, but i insist on 
no, thanks. i also need a train on 
no, thanks. i also need a train on sunday out of 
i want to leave for peterborough after 
i want to leave for 
i want to leave for peterborough after 
hello i'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the 
i prefer 
i prefer chinese. something is the 
on 
i actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the 
i'm sorry, i've checked my budget and really need to go with the 
i'm sorry, i've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap 
no, thanks, but i do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 
area doesn't matter, but i would like a 
area doesn't matter, but i would like a cheap 
hi, i need a place to stay. i would prefer it to be a 
no, i don't need a particular area, but i am looking for something 
yes lets book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting 
yes lets book it for 
yes lets book it for 1 person for 
thank you, can you tell me about a place called 
hi, i need a train out of london liverpool street on 
hi, i need a train out of 
i want to leave after 
not right now. however, i do need to find an expensive restaurant to dine at in the 
not right now. however, i do need to find an 
please reserve a restaurant for five people at 19:15 on 
please reserve a restaurant for five people at 19:1
please reserve a restaurant for five people at 
let's find me a cheap eatery in the 
let's find me a 
royal spice sounds good. can you reserve a table for 2 at 17:45 on 
royal spice sounds good. can you reserve a table for 
royal spice sounds good. can you reserve a table for 2 at 
i want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the 
i want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is 
i'm looking for a train that will depart from 
i'm looking for a train that will depart from birmingham new street and go to 
yes, i want to leave on monday and i need to arrive by 
yes, i want to leave on 
can you help me find a place to stay? i am looking a 0 star hotel with a 
can you help me find a place to stay? i am looking a 
are you able to find me a hotel in the 
no, i'd like that zero star cheap guesthouse in the 
no, i'd like that zero star 
no, i'd like that zero star cheap 
i would like a restaurant in the 
i would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the 
i am interested in 
great can i get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on 
great can i get a reservation there for 
great can i get a reservation there for 8 people at 
great! can i have the goden 
12:30 on 
12:30 on sunday. there will be 
i guess i could try 
i am looking for a 
thank you for the information. i also need to find a cheap restaurant serving 
thank you for the information. i also need to find a 
i'm looking for a hotel with a 
i'm looking for a 
tell me about the 
the 
i need it for 8 people, 2 nights from 
i need it for 
i need it for 8 people, 
yes please, i also need a train to cambridge, on 
yes please, i also need a train to 
i will be leaving 
i will be leaving cambridge and arriving at 
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is 
i'm looking for a 
no, but i want a hotel with free parking and has a star rating of at least 
nope, just pick your favorite. i need lodging for 5 people, 4 nights, and we'll arrive on 
nope, just pick your favorite. i need lodging for 
nope, just pick your favorite. i need lodging for 5 people, 
nope, just pick your favorite. i need lodging for 5 people, 
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant 
yes, please. that was 4 nights at the alexander starting 
yes, please. that was 4 nights at the alexander starting wednesday. 
yes, please. that was 
yes, please. that was 4 nights at the 
yes, please. that was 
i need to find a place to eat and would prefer 
i would love for it to be in the 
i would love for it to be in the east and be 
yes please. could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on 
yes please. could you make a reservation for 
yes please. could you make a reservation for 8 at 
how about 
yes, i could use a suggestion on a great 
i want an expensive restaurant and serves 
i want an 
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in the 
are any of those 11 
okay. please help me book this 
hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the 
hello, can you show me any 
i am looking for 
what about 
yes, can you tell what 
whatever 
hi, i would like info about museums i could visit on the 
hi, i would like info about 
great, thanks! i also need a place to stay, i'd prefer a 
yes please. the 
yes please. the north side of town and only 
yes please. the north side of town and only 4 star 
the 
first of all does the 
i would like to leave the museum by 
don't you have access to my previous requests? it would be from 
don't you have access to my previous requests? it would be from kettle's yard to the 
don't you have access to my previous requests? it would be from kettle's yard to the 
don't you have access to my previous requests? it would be from kettle's yard to the acorn guest house and i need to leave by 
hello, we're planning on staying in 
hello, we're planning on staying in cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around 
i'll be going to london kings cross on friday. i need to arrive by 
i'll be going to london kings cross on 
i'll be going to 
yes, please book that for 
yes, i'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the 
i am actually looking for something in the more 
put me in the university arms, same group of people for 3 nights starting 
put me in the university arms, same group of people for 
put me in the 
you have been most helpful. are there any 
i am looking for a hotel called 
book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 2 people and 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
i would really love to find an expensive 
i would really love to find an 
how about 
can i have the phone number for the 
okay let's try the tang 
okay let's try the 
i'm also looking for somewhere to go. i'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. are there any 
oh, wait. i'm so sorry. before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art 
i want to leave the museum by 
please find a cheap restaurant that serves 
please find a 
what are of town is that in? i really want to stay in the 
on second thought, i need a reservation for 5 at 12:15 on 
on second thought, i need a reservation for 
on second thought, i need a reservation for 5 at 
i'll need a car from the 
yes, i am trying to find a hotel by the name of 
yes. i would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes. i would like to book it for 
yes. i would like to book it for 8 people and 
i would like to find an 
yes, i would like some 
yes please. i would like something in the 
i will be departing from 
i will be departing from peterborough after 
i need to be in cambridge on 
i need to be in 
any time after 
any time after 0
the first train that leaves after 
i'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves 
i'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves tuscan food. do you know of any in the 
i'm sorry. i'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves 
i'm sorry. i'm only looking for a place that is 
that okay. 
that okay. italian does sound fine, actually. could you find a 
yes, that works. please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on 
yes, that works. please book a table for 
yes, that works. please book a table for 8 people at 
can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on 
can we book the table for 
can we book the table for 8 people at 
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay that is 
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 
are you sure there aren't any in the 
yes, i'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i'd like to reserve it for 
yes, i'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 
i am also looking for a train into 
yes, i need to leave 
yes, i need to leave leicester after 11:00. heading to 
yes, i need to leave leicester after 
okay. can you purchase tickets for me. there will 
i really would like to try some indian food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the 
i really would like to try some 
yeah. i'd like a table for 2 people on 
yeah. i'd like a table for 
yeah. i'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at 
same area as the restaurant, 
that sounds perfect. i need that for 
i'd like reservations for 
hello, i'm looking for an italian restaurant on the 
hello, i'm looking for an 
is this restaurant in the 
yes book a table for 8 on 
yes book a table for 
yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 
i did not say to book 
if there are not any italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced, 
if there are not any italian restaurants available in the area that are 
i would like a 
do you have an address, phone number and postcode for a 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 
i am looking for a place to stay. the 
no thanks. i do need the area and address of 
can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the 
i would like one with 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this friday, for 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 
i also need a train to norwich. i need to arrive by 
i also need a train to 
i'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when i leave, just need to arrive by 
i'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when i leave, just need to arrive by 0
i'd like the train for 
can you please book that for 
i am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a 
price doesn't matter but it needs to be in the 
suggest one and i need a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on 
suggest one and i need a reservation for 
suggest one and i need a reservation for 7 people at 
yes im looking to book a taxi from cambride 
i'm sorry, i am actually looking for the postcode of 
i am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 
no preference on location but i would like a hotel. i would also like 
no preference on location but i would like a 
how about an 
book one of them for two people, five nights, starting 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i need a place to stay in the 
i need a place to stay in the north with a 
i would like to find a boat in the 
hi i am looking for a 
is that hotel in the 
i am interested in a guesthouse in the 
i am interested in a 
how about 
sure. i'm traveling alone this time. book me for 2 nights, beginning 
sure. i'm traveling alone this time. book me for 
thanks. i need to grab a train ticket to stevenage on 
thanks. i need to grab a train ticket to 
i need to leave sometime after 14:45 from 
i need to leave sometime after 
hi, i'm looking for any information that you have on the 
i'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. what train can i take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at 
i'm staying for 
i'm actually looking for something on 
i'm actually looking for something on saturday. are there any trains on saturday that leave at 
i just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 
i just need to find a train that leaves at 
what are the other 4 times of departure for saturday. i'll need bookings for 
what are the other 4 times of departure for 
hi! what can you tell me about the 
ok great, could you book a room for me? i need it for 2 nights and there are 
ok great, could you book a room for me? i need it for 
i would like to book starting 
yes, i was also hoping to find a 
is there any expensive restaurants in town serving 
is there any 
how about 
hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 15:45 on a 
hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from cambridge and heading for 
what time does the train arrive in 
i am actually looking for something in the 
i am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 
so this is probably impossible but can you find me a 
so this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star 
no, but i would like place in the 
what about a 
what about a moderately priced 
what about a moderately priced 4 star 
i think i'll go with my original 0 star. archway house sounds fine. can you reserve 3 nights arriving on 
i think i'll go with my original 0 star. archway house sounds fine. can you reserve 
i think i'll go with my original 0 star. archway house sounds fine. can you reserve 
i think i'll go with my original 0 star. 
i think i'll go with my original 
ok i need a place to eat that serves 
no, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the 
i am looking for a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 
i am looking for a train leaving on 
i am going to be leaving from 
i am going to be leaving from london liverpool street and travelling to 
i need a 
i need a moderately priced 
sure can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting 
sure can you book that for 
sure can you book that for 7 people for 
hey, i'm looking for a cheap place to dine with 
hey, i'm looking for a 
sure, i'd like to try it, can you help me book a table for 
4 people at 17:45 on 
4 people at 
please find me a htel in a 
i would like a 
how about the center. book it for 3 nights from 
how about the center. book it for 3 nights from monday for 
actually i changed my mind. i do want to book the 
i would like to stay at a 
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a guesthouse with free parking on the 
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a 
i really would like to try a 
yes, if this restaurant is in the 
i also need a hotel in the 
yes i would like a room for 
i would like my stay to begin on 
can you try to book the hotel for 
can you try to book the hotel for tuesday for 
can you try to book the hotel for tuesday for 
all right, can you try for just 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the 
hello, i am looking for a scottish restaurant on the 
hello, i am looking for a 
is there a restaurant that serves indian food in the 
is there a restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for information regarding 
could you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for something that's moderately priced that serves 
could you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for something that's 
either curry prince or rajmahal will do since they are located in the 
either 
either curry prince or 
yes, that would be great. 
i'm looking for something serving 
how about a moderately priced 
how about a 
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
hi, i'm looking for an 
no preferred area but i need to know if i can book a table for 
there will be 
there will be 3 of us at 
i need a 
is there an indian restaurant in the 
is there an 
i am looking for a 
i don't care about the part of town or the price range, but it needs to be a three star 
does the the 
yes please book the 
wednesday, 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i would like it to serve food from 
how about 
i need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on 
i need to book a table for 
i need to book a table for 3 people at 
i need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday at 
i'm also looking for a hotel called 
is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 
no, i really need a guesthouse. how about if we search for a 
no, i really need a 
look for a 
no can you recommend one and book for 
hi- i need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the 
do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? do you have anything with 
yes i'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the 
i need to leave the hotel by 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of cambridge which is pretty 
i don't really care which type of food. you can just pick one and book for 5 people at 12:30 on 
i don't really care which type of food. you can just pick one and book for 
i don't really care which type of food. you can just pick one and book for 5 people at 
yes. for the same group of people for 
i need information on the hotel 
could you please tell me if free parking and internet is available at the 
yes but i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
yes but i'm also looking for an 
once you find a restaurant, i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on 
once you find a restaurant, i want to book a table for 
once you find a restaurant, i want to book a table for 5 people at 
sure,i am looking for a restaurant serving 
sure,i am looking for a restaurant serving british food in the 
that sounds perfect. could you book me a table for 5 at 1300 on 
that sounds perfect. could you book me a table for 
hello! i am about to go to cambridge and i would like some information about local restaurants. i also need to see if i can book a train to cambridge that gets there before 
hello! i am about to go to 
i would like 
i don't need to book just yet. but could you help me located a 
thanks, could you also recommend could you help you help me find a place with 
okay please book a table for five people on 
okay please book a table for five people on tuesday at 
is there another 
could you try to book that again for 5 people at 18:00 on 
could you try to book that again for 
could you try to book that again for 5 people at 
i am looking for a place for a restaurant called 
no but i do need help finding a train leaving kings cross after 
the train should go to cambridge and should leave on 
the train should go to 
i have no preference. i just need to book one of those for 
i am looking for a 
i would like a hotel in the 
i would like a 
please book the ashley hotel for 1 person for 5 nights starting on 
please book the ashley hotel for 
please book the ashley hotel for 1 person for 
please book the 
please book the ashley 
thank you! i also need a train from 
thank you! i also need a train from cambridge to 
thank you! i also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross. i need to depart after 
i need a train for 
i need a train for 1 from 
i need a train for 1 from cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to 
i need a train for 1 from cambridge leaving after 
tuesday and i would like to leave after 
tuesday and i would like to leave after 
i would like a cheap restaurant in the 
i would like a 
i need a place to stay in the 
i will need a reservation afterall. could you book it for 2 people starting 
i will need a reservation afterall. could you book it for 
i will need a reservation afterall. could you book it for 
the 
once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 
yes i need a table for 2 
yes i need a table for 
yes i need a table for 2 friday at 
it is the seasame 
i misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at 17:00 on 
i misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 
i misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at 
yes i'll also need a train to 
to cambridge, on 
i need to arrive by 
i am not particular about the area but it should be a hotel and 
i am not particular about the area but it should be a 
how about a guesthouse with free parking and 
how about a 
i'd like to book el shaddai, 3 people for 4 nights, starting from 
i'd like to book el shaddai, 
i'd like to book el shaddai, 3 people for 
i'd like to book 
how about 
how about 
yes, i also need a train leaving after 9:15 on 
it doesn't matter. i just need to leave 
it doesn't matter. i just need to leave kings lynn after 
i'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the 
i'm looking for an upscale, 
i'm really in the mood for 
how about some 
i would. can you book me a table for 1 on 
i would. can you book me a table for 
i would. can you book me a table for 1 on tuesday at 
yes, can you try 
yes, can you try 
i need to find a place to stay with four stars in a 
no but i'd like it to include free wifi and be in some kind of 
great! also, i need to take a train from ely on 
great! also, i need to take a train from 
i need to arrive in cambridge by 
i need to arrive in 
can you give me information on the one arriving in cambridge closest to 
can you give me information on the one arriving in 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the town 
i'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an 
are there any with 
yes, please book a party of 4 at 11:30 
yes, please book a party of 
yes, please book a party of 4 at 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 
i'm also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 08:00 and should depart from 
i would like to travel on 
i'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves 
i am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
sure thing, please book for 6 people at 19:30 on 
sure thing, please book for 
sure thing, please book for 6 people at 
okay great! thank you so much. could you also help me find a 
that sounds great. please book that 
i have 
can we try for 
hi, i'm looking for a 
that's all, i also need some info on the 
i just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting 
i just need to book it for 
i just need to book it for 5 people for 
how about trying the booking for 
i also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the 
i want to leave the hotel by 
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i would like to find an 
i am looking for a 
i'm also looking for a 
i'm also looking for a cheap 
let's stick with the 
yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 4 people and 
can you help me find somewhere to eat in the 
no type of food but i'd like it to be in the 
yes. there are five of us for 
yes. there are five of us for monday at 19:4
yes. there are five of us for monday at 
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm traveling to cambridge and i was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by 
i'm traveling to cambridge and i was hoping you could find me a train on 
i'm traveling to 
i am leaving from 
i need to find a 
please book 
sorry, i got ahead of myself. i want a 
yes, search for 
hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the 
hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the north end. preferably a 
hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the north end. preferably a 4 star 
are there any 
ok, let's go with guesthouse. a 
ok, let's go with guesthouse. a moderately priced one, 
ok, let's go with 
i don't need a room right now, but i would like to know if there is a persian restaurant in the 
i don't need a room right now, but i would like to know if there is a 
are there any 
yes, please book a table for 1 at 18:45 on 
yes, please book a table for 
yes, please book a table for 1 at 
i would like to take a train to leave 
i'm going to peterborough on 
i'm going to 
i need to arrive by 
yes please. i need tickets for 
i need a 
i'm not picky. where would you recommend that is in the 
honestly, i always stay at the same place when we travel there, so i could really use a recommendation. any one will do just with wifi and 
yes, i would like to book this. there are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting 
yes, i would like to book this. there are 
yes, i would like to book this. there are 5 people that will be staying for 
hello- i would like some information about visiting 
can you also find me a place to stay in the 
i'd like a 
i'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 5 nights from 
i'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 
i'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 
i'm looking for a 
okay, how about a moderately-priced hotel in the 
okay, how about a 
aylesbray sounds good. i need a booking for six, five nights starting from 
can you locate me a hotel on the 
let's try the allenbell. could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 5 nights starting 
let's try the allenbell. could you make a reservation for 
let's try the allenbell. could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 
let's try the 
yes, i'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. the name of the restaurant is 
perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on 
perfect, could you make a reservation for 
perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 
yes, please book that for the same party and time on 
i am looking to find a place to eat in 
i would like 
i would like belgian food in the 
how about 
yes, i'm looking for a particular attraction called 
i am looking for a 
i am looking for a 2 star 
what type of 
i want to make sure that it's a 
i'm exhausted. can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the 
i'm exhausted. can you find me a 
i want to book it for one person, four nights starting on 
i can't rest yet. i still need a train. i am traveling from 
i can't rest yet. i still need a train. i am traveling from cambridge to 
i'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 
i'd need to leave on 
can you find me a restaurant that is located in the 
can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the 
yes, 
actually, could you look up some 
yes,i need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on 
yes,i need to book a table for 
yes,i need to book a table for 6 people at 
i was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the 
i was wondering if you can help me find an 
okay i would like to book a table for 7 people at 15:30 on 
okay i would like to book a table for 
okay i would like to book a table for 7 people at 
yes please, i am also looking for a train that will take me to peterborough from 
yes please, i am also looking for a train that will take me to 
i'm looking to leave after 12:00 on 
i'm looking to leave after 
yes, i am looking for a 
any area is fine, can you give me the address and postcode of the closest theater to 
great! do you have a good chinese restaurant in 
great! do you have a good 
i'd like a cheap 
i'd like a 
make a reservation for charlie chan. book a table for 2 people at 17:15 for 
make a reservation for charlie chan. book a table for 
make a reservation for charlie chan. book a table for 2 people at 
make a reservation for 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
i need the town 
i need some helping finding a train that leaves after 
the train should depart from 
the train should depart from birmingham new street and should go to 
yes please and i'm also looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant in the 
yes please and i'm also looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant in the centre part of town. i'd like to book a table for 
yes please and i'm also looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant in the centre part of town. i'd like to book a table for 5 @
yes please and i'm also looking for a cheap 
yes please and i'm also looking for a 
yes please, on 
yes please, on wednesday at 20:30 for 
yes please, on wednesday at 
i'm looking for something 
i'm looking for something moderately priced with a 
actually, i would like something that has 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves 
hi, can you help me find a 
i would prefer the 
not really. i just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting 
not really. i just need a hotel that can accommodate 
not really. i just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 
would you try 1 night for 6 people on 
would you try 1 night for 
would you try 
can you help me find a cinema in the 
can you help me find a 
great. can i get the phone number for the 
yes please; i'd greatly prefer the 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 
yes, please book it for thursday at 
i need to be picked up at 
i need to be picked up at vue 
i need to get to pizza express for my 
i need to get to 
i'm looking for a 
i do not care as long as it is 
yes please. it needs to be for 4 people for 4 nights starting on 
yes please. it needs to be for 
yes please. it needs to be for 
i also need to find a place to dine. it should serve 
i also need to find a place to dine. it should serve british food and be in the 
okay please book a table for the same group of people at 16:
okay please book a table for the same group of people at 
i want to take a train to cambridge on 
i want to take a train to 
i would like the departure station to be 
no, i need something that gets there by 
yes, i need the reference number. i am also looking for a place to eat in the 
yes, i need the reference number. i am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable 
pick one of those. i need it for the same amount of people at 
okay. can you find another 
yes. it will just me at 17:15 on 
yes. it will just me at 
yes. it will just me at 
is there a 
yes, in the 
can you help me find a 
i have no area preference. can you suggest a 
great, thanks. also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called 
i need to find a hotel in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
i need a 
i would like to stay in the 
yes please. i need it for one person on 
yes please. i need it for one person on saturday. a 
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the 
hello, i am looking for an 
yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on 
yes please can you make a reservation for 
yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 
train. the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to 
i'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 
i'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 
i'll be departing from 
i actually need 
i want to go to cambridge on 
i want to go to 
i will be leaving from 
i need to arrive by 
i would need 
can you also look up the hotel 
i want you to book it for 5 nights, starting 
i want you to book it for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 
i want you to book it for 
can you please help me find a train? may i ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a 
can you please help me find a train? may i ask that it comes at 
norwhich, please. from 
somewhere in the 
could you get me the postcode for the 
hello! can you tell me about places to stay in the 
sure! can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting 
sure! can you book it for 
sure! can you book it for 2 people and 
i would like to book a train out of 
i want to go to 
tuesday leaving sometime after 
actually, i can book it separately. but i will need help booking a hotel -- the 
thank you! for 3 people, and 3 nights, starting 
thank you! for 
thank you! for 
yes i am looking for a train that arrives by 
yes i am looking for a train that arrives by 20:00 that is going to 
yes, i'd like to travel on 
yes, i'd like to travel on tuesday, departing from 
can you also help me find a chinese restaurant on the 
can you also help me find a 
great, is it considered to be 
yes, i would prefer an 
can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 
can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at 
i'd like that reservation for 
where'a a restaurant on the 
are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the 
could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the 
could you help me locate a 
can i get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we will be there 
can i get it for 
can i get it for 3 people, 
can i get it for 3 people, 
hello, i'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the 
hello, i'm looking for a 
can we try a 
i do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 
i do not have a price range just need a 
we'll be arriving on 
we'll be arriving on friday, and we'd like to stay for 
hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town 
hi, i want an 
book the gonville hotel for 3 people and 3 nights starting 
book the gonville hotel for 
book the gonville hotel for 
book the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
no particular type of food, but something 
that sounds good. could you book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on 
that sounds good. could you book a table for 
that sounds good. could you book a table for 4 people at 
i am looking for a malaysian restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
how about 
i'm interested in a place called 
awesome! can you book a table for me? 4 people at 15:30 on 
awesome! can you book a table for me? 
awesome! can you book a table for me? 4 people at 
are there any turkish restaurant in the 
are there any 
no thank you. i also need to find a train going to 
i'll be leaving from cambridge on tuesday. i'd like to get to leicester by 
i'll be leaving from cambridge on 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from cambridge on tuesday. i'd like to get to 
i'm looking for a restaurant named 
that information is at 13:45 on 
that information is at 13:4
that information is at 
hey there, i am traveling to cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat. i am interested in 
hey there, i am traveling to cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat. i am interested in portuguese food and don't mine a more 
i would like to go to nandos in the 
i would like to go to 
no thank you. i also need a train to 
i am traveling from ely. the train should arrive by 
i am traveling from ely. the train should arrive by 19:00 and i would like to leave on 
i am traveling from 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for an 
no. just need it to be open on 
i'm looking for places to go in town. can you search in the area of 
thank you. i am also looking for an expensive 
thank you. i am also looking for an 
i'd like one near the museum in the 
yes. i need a table for 8 at 11:00 on 
yes. i need a table for 
yes. i need a table for 8 at 
i need a place to eat? how about some place in the 
i need a place to eat? how about some place in the centre of the town and in 
yes 
12:45, 
12:45, friday. 
perfect. i am also looking to stay at the 
can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on 
can you book it for 
i need to arrive at the restaurant by 
i'm looking for a train schedule after 15:15, going to 
i'm looking for a train schedule after 
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on 
i'm leaving from 
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 
yes, are there any 
yes please. can you book it for 
yes please. can you book it for saturday at 19:45 for 
yes please. can you book it for saturday at 
yes, can you try for 
i'm looking for a college in the 
i'm looking for a 
great, thank you! i'm also in need of a place to stay. it needs to be in the 
can you tell me where the 
i also want a place to stay which has a parking and has a star 
cambridge contemporary art gallery to 
cambridge contemporary art gallery to acorn leaving at 
i'd like to visit an attraction in the 
yes, i am looking for information on the 
not necessarily, but i am looking for a 
i need to travel from stansted airport to cambridge on 
i need to travel from 
i need to travel from stansted airport to 
i am sorry i meant to leave after 1
i'm sorry, i don't actually need the tickets right now. can you find me a moderately priced 
i'm sorry, i don't actually need the tickets right now. can you find me a moderately priced 4 star 
please book me a room for 
no, as long as the hotel itself is a 
no, as long as the 
4 nights please starting on 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an expensive 
the 
the university arms 
myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on 
myself and my wife will be staying 
i am also looking for the restaurant 
i am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the 
i am looking for a place to stay, that is a 
yes, i need a 
i need one in the 
i need one in the moderate price range and a 
no, i would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on 
no, i would like you to book 
no, i would like you to book 
i need to find an 
yes, i'm looking for 
yes. can you book a table for 7 people on 
yes. can you book a table for 
yes. can you book a table for 7 people on monday at 
lets try earlier around 
yes. i'll need a train departing from 
i would be traveling on 
i would be traveling on tuesday and should leave 
i would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 
can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving 
can you direct me towards a 
moderately priced 
if they are all 
i want your most expensive restaurant in the 
i want your most 
great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of 
i'm looking for a 
actually, you mentioned its in the east. i really prefer something in the 
actually, you mentioned its in the east. i really prefer something in the centre of town thats 
actually, you mentioned its in the east. i really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 
yes. i'm travelling with my family, so i need a room for 7 people for 4 nights, arriving 
yes. i'm travelling with my family, so i need a room for 
yes. i'm travelling with my family, so i need a room for 7 people for 
yes. i'm travelling with my family, so i need a room for 7 people for 
are you sure the alexander is in the 
i am looking for an affordable 
16:15 on 
16:15 on monday for 
can you find me a train for 
train arrive by 
train arrive by 09:15 depart from 
i need to get to peterborough. can you find me a train that gets there by 
i need to get to 
i will depart from cambridge on 
i will depart from 
i would also like to find a 
yes, what is the postcode for the 
yes, i would like a moderately priced 
yes, i would like a 
i'm looking for a place to stay on the 
i would like a hotel with 
i would like a 
how about the 
yes, please book it for one person for 4 nights starting 
yes, please book it for one person for 
just myself for 4 nights starting 
just myself for 
i am looking to leave 
i am looking to leave cambridge after 11:15 and travel to 
i am looking to leave cambridge after 
i'd like to leave on 
i'd like to find a 
i'm looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 
i need some help finding a place in 
we would like to try a 
yes. please reserve for 2 people on 
yes. please reserve for 
yes. please reserve for 2 people on tuesday at 
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on 
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on saturday going to 
i am departing from 
yes please book 
i would like to leave after 
i would like to leave after 
there will be 
i want to go to peterborough and depart from 
i want to go to 
i'd like to leave thursday after 
are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the 
are there any 
are there any 2-star 
is there anything in the 
yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from 
yes please book me a room for 
yes please book me a room for 4 people for 
yes please book me a room for 4 people for 
is there a good restaurant on the 
an expensive chinese restaurant please located in the 
an expensive 
an 
yes, can you provide me the address of 
i don't need a reservation right now, but i am looking for a train. i need to leave 
i don't need a reservation right now, but i am looking for a train. i need to leave wednesday after 
i am looking to leave on 
i am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from 
i am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at 
i am looking to leave on wednesday after 
hi, i need an 
i do not care the kind. please pick one and book it for 5 people at 15:30 on 
i do not care the kind. please pick one and book it for 
i do not care the kind. please pick one and book it for 5 people at 
yes, lets try 
thanks! could you also give me info on trains leaving after 16:45 from 
thanks! could you also give me info on trains leaving after 
i need one for 
i need one for monday to go to 
that would be good, can i get tickets for 
howdy! i'm looking to visit some colleges in the city 
howdy! i'm looking to visit some 
ok. could you help me find an 
no preference for price range, but would like to have availability on 
please book a table for 3 at 15:30 on 
please book a table for 
please book a table for 3 at 
can i get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, i would like to arrive by the booked time of 
i'm looking for something to do in cambridge. i'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings around the city 
i'm looking for something to do in cambridge. i'm interested in 
i'd like to take a look at some of the 
please give me their phone number. i also need a restaurant that serves 
oh, wait! if the 
yes may i please have the address to gourmet burger kitchen and can you book reservations for 
yes may i please have the address to gourmet burger kitchen and can you book reservations for 2 for 
yes may i please have the address to 
i'm sorry, i'm really distracted on this end. can you tell me the postcode of the 
looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
how about 
i also need to find a guesthouse in the 
i also need to find a guesthouse in the moderate price range that is rated by 
i also need to find a 
rather than a guest house, do you have a 
how about a 
is that a 
hi, i want to find an architecture attraction in the 
hi, i want to find an 
are there any museums in the 
are there any 
the folk 
yes - i'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. something 
yes - i'm looking for a 
hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting 
hamilton lodge and book for 
hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 
hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 
i want to leave the folk museum by 
hi, can you help me find a 
i also want to eat at an expensive 
i also want to eat at an 
it can be in any part of town. i am just looking for a restaurant that serves 
it can be in any part of town. i am just looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in an 
wednesday at 
i need a train arriving in cambridge by 
i need a train arriving in 
i will be departing from stansted airport on 
i will be departing from 
the departing time is flexible, i just need to get to cambridge by 
the departing time is flexible, i just need to get to 
i would like a three star hotel that is 
i would like a three star 
ok, i need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on 
ok, i need rooms for 
ok, i need rooms for 7 people for 
ok, i need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on wednesday. can you tell me which of the two 
hello there! i am looking for a restaurant that specializes in 
how about 
do you have any moderately priced listings for 
do you have any 
i need a train leaving friday that will arrive by 
i need a train leaving 
sure book 
sure book 1 ticket from 
sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to 
i need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the 
i need a place to stay with a 
great, book me one of those for 8 people. we'll stay from 
great, book me one of those for 
great, book me one of those for 8 people. we'll stay from friday for 
i'm looking for a 
i'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a 
yes, please. reserve a spot for 1 at 16:00 on 
yes, please. reserve a spot for 
yes, please. reserve a spot for 1 at 
thank you. i'm also looking for a train that departs from 
thank you. i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at 
i'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by 
i'm looking to travel on 
if nothing before 
yes i need to book for 
hello! i need a 
yes, in the 
yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 
perfect! i'll need a room for 5 people on 
perfect! i'll need a room for 
perfect! i'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. we'll be staying for 
i'm looking for a place to go. are there any 
i am looking for a certain hotel. i think that it is called something like 
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the 
a 
to commute between both places, i want to leave the hotel at least by 
thanks. is there a 
i would like it to be 
yes. please make a booking for 3 people at 11:45 for 
yes. please make a booking for 
yes. please make a booking for 3 people at 
i'm looking for a 
i need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on 
i need to book 
i need to book 8 people for 
can you help me find some 
expensive price range. please book it for 4 people at 18:15 on 
expensive price range. please book it for 
expensive price range. please book it for 4 people at 
i do not care about the area but i would like it to be 
how about price range? the hotel should also be very 
i will be staying on 
i'm looking for something cheap in the 
i'm looking for something 
hello. can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves 
hello! i am looking for an 
hello! i am looking for an expensive 
i need a guesthouse with free parking and a 
i need a 
the area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered 
yes, i'm also looking for a chinese place in the 
yes, i'm also looking for a 
i need the price to be the same as the hotel, so i need a 
i feel like 
i'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a 
a museum located 
a 
i am open to any suggestion, but i am looking for a fancy 
yes, i just need to leave 
yes, i just need to leave yu garden by 
hi there, i'm hungry. please help me find a cheap place that serves 
hi there, i'm hungry. please help me find a 
what kind of food is offered in the 
ooh, 
yes please book a table for 4 at 19:15 on 
yes please book a table for 
yes please book a table for 4 at 
i am also looking for a train to 
actually, i need to depart from bishops stortford. i need to arrive by 12:30 on 
i need 
i need some information on a train going to 
i want to leave on 
i want to leave on friday and go 
i'll be leaving from stevenage on 
i'll be leaving from 
i'll be leaving from stevenage on friday after 
no, that's fine, thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant called the 
no thank you. i am also looking for a restaurant called 
i'm looking for information on a restaurant called 
can you book a table for 4 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 4 on tuesday at 
thanks for handling that. one more thing. i want to explore town and see an attraction. i love 
thank you appreciate the fast info. i am also looking for a 
i'd like a moderately priced hotel in the 
i'd like a 
yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from 
yes, please book it for 
yes, please book it for 
you said the 
lastly, i will need a taxi from the 
lastly, i will need a taxi from the avalon to to the 
lastly, i will need a taxi from the avalon to to the parkside pools by 
i need to find a place to stay in the 
no preference on the area, but i would like it to be a 
3 people for 5 nights from 
3 people for 
yes, i need a train on 
yeah, could it leave after 
yes, could you please book it for 
i gotta eat. find me an expensive 
i gotta eat. find me an 
how about one that serve 
the 
the west would be perfect. i need a reservation for seven on 
the west would be perfect. i need a reservation for seven on sunday at 
thank you. i am also looking for a hotel that is 
i'd like to come by those high speed trains from 
my travel day is saturday. i'd like to arrive in cambridge by 
my travel day is 
my travel day is saturday. i'd like to arrive in 
ok book for 
i also need a hotel in the 
i also need a hotel in the west and should be in the 
the hotel should have a star of 
yes, for 
yes, for 2 people for 
yes, for 2 people for 
on 
i would need a train leaving cambridge and arriving in peterborough on thursday at 
i would need a train leaving cambridge and arriving in peterborough on 
i would need a train leaving 
i would need a train leaving cambridge and arriving in 
that would be great, can you book that for 
before 
before 15:45, yes for 
i also am looking for a particular hotel called 
yes. i need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on 
yes. i need a booking for 
yes. i need a booking for 6 people for 
hello, could you tell me if there are any 
no, thanks. are you sure you can't find 
what about 
that sounds great can you book it for 7 people? we're staying 3 nights and want to check in 
that sounds great can you book it for 7 people? we're staying 
that sounds great can you book it for 
i need a train on the same day leaving 
i am going to 
i'm looking for 
yes please, for 5 nights starting 
yes please, for 5 nights starting sunday, there will be 
yes please, for 
great, thanks. i am also looking to book a train for this 
great, thanks. i am also looking to book a train for this friday. i am hoping to leave after 
i'm headed to london liverpool street from 
i'm headed to 
possibly, what time does it arrive at 
i haven't had german food in ages so please find me a place in the 
i haven't had 
is there one that serves 
expensive price range and i need a table for 7 at 13:00 on 
expensive price range and i need a table for 
expensive price range and i need a table for 7 at 
yes i'm looking for a train to 
i will be leaving from 
i just need to arrive by 
the 9:11 one is cool. i need to book for 
i want to leave from 
i want to leave from cambridge after 
i will departing from cambridge and arriving in stansted airport. i need to find a train for monday for 
i will departing from cambridge and arriving in stansted airport. i need to find a train for 
i will departing from 
i will departing from cambridge and arriving in 
hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 
i would like an early train, yes. as close to 8:30 as possible. i need tickets for 
cool. now i will need somewhere to stay, 
cool. now i will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 
i sure would. please book for the same number of people beginning on 
i sure would. please book for the same number of people beginning on friday for 3 nights again, there are 
i sure would. please book for the same number of people beginning on friday for 
it's called the 
i'd like to book a few rooms for 
i need 3 nights starting on 
i need 3 nights starting on thursday. should have enough room to accomodate 
i need 
great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the 
great, can you help me find a 
can you try 
okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also i want a taxi to take me there. it should leave the hotel by 
can you find me a hotel on the 
can you find me a 
a 
try a 
i'll take warkworth house. i want to book it for 3 people and 3 nights on 
i'll take warkworth house. i want to book it for 
i'll take warkworth house. i want to book it for 
i am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is a 
i would like to stay on the 
i would like to stay on the east side. can you also make sure the 
not particularly. could you let me know what the price range is for the five 
what is the name of the 
what is the name of the cheaply priced 
actually, there is no need to book for me. i can do that. but do you have any information on the 
can you help me find a church in cambridge? i think it's called 
i am looking for a place to dine that is 
chinese food. actually 
i'm not interested in chinese. what about 
yes. please book me a table for 8 at 13:30 on 
yes. please book me a table for 
yes. please book me a table for 8 at 
i need a 4 star hotel in the 
i need a 
it really doesn't matter. i don't need internet. i just for sure want a 
i need a room for 
i need a room for 
i need a room for 
thank you! can you also get me a train going to 
the place is called 
what can you tell me about this hotel, the 
sounds good i want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from 
sounds good i want to make a booking for 
sounds good i want to make a booking for 2 people and 
can you help me find an 
i feel like 
great! i need a table for 8 on 
great! i need a table for 
how about at 1
how about at 
thank you! i'm also looking for a guesthouse that's 
thank you! i'm also looking for a 
yes, the 
hi, could you help me find a 
hi, could you help me find a 3 star 
thanks! you are so nice. i need the guesthouses in the 
thanks! you are so nice. i need the 
i need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves 
i need a restaurant that is in the 
i also will need a train departing from 
i also will need a train departing from cambridge going to 
i would like a train to leave after 10:30 on 
i would like a train to leave after 
no, i am just looking for a train that leaves after 
could you book that for 
hello there, please find me a restaurant on the 
hello there, please find me a restaurant on the west side that serves 
how about 
yes. that will do just fine. can you reserve me a table for 5 people on 
yes. that will do just fine. can you reserve me a table for 
yes. that will do just fine. can you reserve me a table for 5 people on friday at 
yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on 
yes, could you help me find a train to 
i do need to get there by 
i am trying to book a train to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 15:00 on 
i need to arrive by 15:00 on wednesday and depart from 
yes - could you make a reservation for 
yes i am looking for a place to stay in the 
yes i am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a 
actually, yes. can you give me the address and postcode for 
i'm looking for a very nice place to dine. something 
not exactly. however i would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the 
great i also am looking for an attraction called 
yes i also will need the entrance fee for 
great, thank you! i also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. i want to leave by 
i am seeking a restaurant that serves british food in the 
i am seeking a restaurant that serves 
i'd like a 
i would like 
yes, table for 2 at 13:30 on 
yes, table for 
yes, table for 2 at 
i'd also like a 
can you help me find an attraction in the 
please get me the postcode. i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the 
please get me the postcode. i am also looking for a place to stay. the 
is that a four star 
i would like it to be in the 
i would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 
okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on 
okay can you please book it for 7 people for 
okay can you please book it for 
the 
yes, i also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. i want to leave after 10:15 on 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves 
how about 
how about spanish or 
i would like to try indian food in the 
i would like to try 
hi, could you help me find a train going to 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from london kings cross after 
i would like to leave on 
arrival time is not important. i just need to leave after 
thanks, it would be helpful if you also told me what time tr8842 leaves. anyhow, i just got paid. can you find me a high-end eatery serving 
no thank you. i'll just need the address for an expensive restaurant that serves 
no thank you. i'll just need the address for an 
i would like 
how about 
i am interested in the 
i want to book 
three days starting from 
three days starting from saturday, for 
can you tell me a little bit of info on 
i need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the north area and i have a 
not yet, i'm also looking for a place to eat 
not yet, i'm also looking for a place to eat chinese food. i need it in the 
i want one that serves 
yes i am looking for a train to arrive by 
yes i am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving 
yes, i'd like to leave on 
i'll be going from 
i'll be going from cambridge to 
i will also need a place to stay. a 
i don't care about the area, but it needs to be 
