hi, i'm looking for places to visit. mainly in the 
i think i'd like to visit an 
i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave on 
i'm also looking for a train that departs from 
i'd like to arrive at leicester by 17:45. and what was that postcode for 
yes, i would like to make a booking for 
i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the 
i'm looking for an 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on thursday at 
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 
the train needs to leave from 
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at 
no, just 
hi, i need a place to stay in the 
i would like a 


not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to 
not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 
departing from kings lynn on 
departing from 
yes, book for 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i am also looking for a restaurant serving 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train that leaves from 
i will be traveling to 
i would like to arrive by 
yes but i need that to be booked for 
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a 
i would like a 
i would like a 4-star 
great can you book that for me from 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 
i need to find a train from 
i need to find a train from ely to 
i would like to leave on 
i really just need to leave after 
yes for 
i need to go from 
i need to go from rajmahal to 
i need to go from rajmahal to queen's college at 
i am looking for college attractions in the 
i am looking for 
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of 
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of christ's 
also want to find someplace to eat. want to be in the 
i was thinking more on the lines of 
could you check fr 
i will need it for three, at noon, on 
i will need it for three, 
how about at 
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 
no, i don't. i just need free parking and 
yes, could you tell me about your 
hello, i'm looking for a gueshouse on the 

not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 
okay book it for 
okay book it for 2 people for 
i'd like a taxi to take me to the missing sock and need to be there by 
i'd like a taxi to take me to 
i'll be leaving from 
find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by 
find me a train to 
is it on 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 4 people 4 nights starting 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 
i want to book a room at the 
i would like to book a hotel in cambridge. is there any availability at the 
yes. book it for 6 people and 4 nights from 
yes. book it for 
yes. book it for 6 people and 
i am also looking for a train to cambridge. i would like to leave 
ely. oh and i'll need to arrive by 

yes, for the same group of 
i want to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on 
i want to travel from 
i want to travel from cambridge to 
i want to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on thursday after 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the 
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 
there's nothing in the 
yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting 
yes please for 
yes please for 8 people, 
are there in hotels in the 
are there in hotels in the north with a 
can you search for one that is 
i need something in the 
are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the 
are there any 
are there any cheap 
can you book that for 
can you book that for 8 people for 
i need to find a train leaving 
i need to find a train leaving cambridge and going to 
i need to leave on friday and arrive by 
i need to leave on 
really makes no difference to me as long as its on the 
can you confirm if the 
i'd like to find a 
yes, i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the 

yes, i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the 
yes, i am looking for a 
yes, i am looking for a 3 star 
yes please, for 
yes please, for 4 people for 

yes please, for 4 people for 
i will get there on 
i need a reference number for the 
thanks! i will need a taxi, too, please. i'd to leave the hotel by 
i want to leave after 
the pick up place will be 
the pick up place will be wandlebury country park and the drop off at 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 
either will work. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 
am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of 
great. can you tell me the postcode for 
i'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please. i'll need the taxi to get from the museum to 
you are the one that suggested 
hi, i have a business meeting and i'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city 
hi, i have a business meeting and i'm looking for an 
i'm sure 
can you search for 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 4 people at 
yes, please book a reservation at 
thank you. i also need info on a college to visit in the town 
hello, i'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the 
hello, i'm trying to find an 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 8 people at 
okay, please make a reservation at 
i also need info on a hotel called the 
i'm looking for a park in the 
i'm looking for a 
what's the address for 
i want to find some information about a hotel called 
do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from 
do they have reservations available for 
do they have reservations available for 6 people and 
i am looking for a mexican restaurant in 
i am looking for a 
i am needing a place to stay with a star of 
i need something 
either of those sounds great. there will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on 
either of those sounds great. there will be 
either of those sounds great. there will be 8 of us for 
darn. why don't we try booking it for 
i am looking for a 
the restaurant should be in the 
the restaurant should be in the south, and should serve 
how about 
i need a table for 4 at 19:30 on 
i need a table for 
i need a table for 4 at 
i need to book a taxi from 
i need to book a taxi from kings college to 
i need to book a taxi from kings college to pizza express fen ditton sometime after 
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the 
i'm looking for a 
hm, maybe something 
yes, i would like it to start 
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 5 nights for 
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 

yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 5 nights for 
i also need a train heading to cambridge on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving kings lynn after 
hi! can you please help me? i'm looking for information on 
i need a train to cambridge for 
i need a train to 
i need the train to leave after 9:30 from 
i need the train to leave after 
i am leaving at 
do you have anything leaving 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a chinese place, in the 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a 
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a chinese place, in the south, and on the 
i'm looking for information on a restaurant called 
i'm looking for a museum in the 
i'm looking for a 
yes, i'm also looking for a train from cambridge that will leave after 08:30. it should leave on 
yes, i'm also looking for a train from 
yes, i'm also looking for a train from cambridge that will leave after 08:30. it should leave on thursday, and i want to travel to 
yes, i'm also looking for a train from cambridge that will leave after 
i want to get a taxi and leave at 345. i need to go to 
i want to get a taxi and leave at 
i need to be picked up at 
i'm are looking for a train. the train should depart from 
i'm are looking for a train. the train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 
it will be 
it will be sunday, from 
it will be sunday, from peterborough to 
i need to find a restaurant in the center of town. a place offering 
how about 
no, i would like to check out going to a 
i want to leave the 
i want to leave the riverboat georgina by 
the 
i would like some information on an attraction called 
could i get the phone number, postcode, and the area that the cost of 
okay great. i'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 
okay great. i'd also like to find a 
that would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from 
that would work, can you please book it for 
that would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 
i need a taxi to go to 
i need a taxi to go to the gandhi to arrive by 
i'm departing from 
i'm looking for a restaurant on the 
i'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves 
how about 
i want a train leaving from 
i'll be coming from leicester to cambridge on friday. i'd like to arrive by 
i'll be coming from leicester to cambridge on 
i'll be coming from 
i'll be coming from leicester to 
i need 5 tickets and the reference number. i would like to go to a 
it doesn't matter as long as it is a nice 
i need information on a place called 
i would like a guesthouse in the 
i would like a 
could you tell me now many star rating that has? is it in the 
internet doesn't matter to me. any guesthouse in the 
internet doesn't matter to me. any 
i want to find some information on 
yes please. for one person at 12:30 on 
yes please. for one person at 
yes please. for one person at 

do you have any serves 
how about 
i'm looking for lodgings on the 
either one is fine, but i would like it to have 


i need a guesthouse that includes free parking. i'm needing one in the 
i need a 
any one of the 
i will be alone. i need to arrive on 
can you book a taxi that picks me up at 
can you book a taxi that picks me up at club salsa at 
a cheap restaurant in the 
a 

i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
yes, i need to find a train going from 
yes, i need to find a train going from cambridge to 
great, i want to go on sunday and i need 
great, i want to go on 
yes please book it for 
can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the 
can you recommend me a 
can i have the address of the 
does 
i'm looking for a place to stay in the 
i'd like an 
i'd like an expensive 

i'm sorry, i made a mistake! i need for it to start on 
could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced 
could you tell me whether there are any 
yes could we try one that serves 
no the area doesn't matter. i'd like to book a table for 7 on 
no the area doesn't matter. i'd like to book a table for 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 4-star 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so yes book it for 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so 
does it have free parking and wifi? if so 
i will be arrving on 
i am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by 
i am looking to book a ticket for 
i am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the 
i am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from 
i am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by 10:30 at 
can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves 
can you help me find an 
is one of them located in 
no. i am also looking for a hotel. 
yes. i would like to stay starting 
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 
i'm in need of a train leaving boxbourne that can't arrive any later than 
i want to leave on monday. it doesn't matter what time the train leaves as long as i arrive by 
yes, my destination is cambridge, and i'll be coming in from 
yes, my destination is 

yes, please. i'll need 
can you find a train for me that leaves from 
can you find a train for me that leaves from stevenage and is going to 
wednesday, and i would like to be there by 

i am also looking for a attraction called 
i need to find a 4 star hotel that has 
i need to find a 
yes i would like it to be on the 

yes a 
i want to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrives in peterborough by 
i want to book a train that departs from 
i want to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrives in 
i would like to travel on 
i would like to travel on saturday., 
i would like to travel on saturday., cambridge to 
yes, please book this for 
i'm looking for a museum in 
i'm looking for a 
can you give me the address and phone number of the free 
that will do thank you. i also need a restaurant in the 
yes. i need to book it for 
yes. i need to book it for saturday at 
yes. i need to book it for saturday at 
i am looking for an expensive priced 
i am looking for an 
that's alright. i'm also looking for a train booking too. i need to go to cambridge from 
that's alright. i'm also looking for a train booking too. i need to go to 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 17:45 on 
please book this train for 
i'm in the 
i have no food preference, but i would prefer an 
yes. please book for 7 people on 
yes. please book for 
yes. please book for 7 people on thursday at 
i want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from 
i want a train that goes to 
i need the train to leave after 09:15 on 
i need the train to leave after 
yes please. get me 
are any of the 29 places, guest houses? i would actually prefer a 
greetings! can you help me in locating a train to get me to 
sure. i need to leave on 
sure. i need to leave on friday from 
i am going to need to leave sometime later than 
it doesn't matter, i just need to leave sometime after 
yes please, for 
can you help me find a train leaving cambridge, to arrive by 
can you help me find a train leaving 
i am going to 
actually, i need to go birmingham new street and will be traveling on 
actually, i need to go 
that is perfect. can you book 
i am also looking for a guesthouse in the 
i am also looking for a 
yes, please. i want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from 
yes, please. i want to book it for the same group of people and 

how about 

i am looking for a 
i am looking for a moderately priced 
i don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the 
i don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 


i will be visiting cambridge and i need a list of the main attractions in the 
yes i am also looking for a 
yes i am also looking for a 2 star 
is it a 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from the junction to the 
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from the junction to the ashley hotel. i would like to leave the attraction by 
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the 
i'm looking for a 

yes, i'd like a 
yes please. book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from 
yes please. book me a stay for 
yes please. book me a stay for 7 people and 
the 
i am looking for a train going to 
i am leaving from 
i am leaving from cambridge heading to 
i'd like to leave after 
i am leaving on 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
i would like it to be in the 
no preference however i just need something for 13:45 on 
no preference however i just need something for 
12:4

i want to book a taxi to williams art and antiques from 
i want to book a taxi to 
i would like to arrive at williams art and antiques at 
i would like to arrive at 
that's wonderful. and the taxi will arrive by 
i would love to get some information on the 
how often do trains depart 
how often do trains depart peterborough going to 
actually, i would like to book a train. it needs to arrive by 
actually, i would like to book a train. it needs to arrive by 20:
yes i would like to arrive by 
yes i would like to arrive by 20:
yes i would like to arrive by 20:30 in cambridge from 
yes i would like to arrive by 20:30 in 
i would like to depart on 
i apologize, i am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 
how about a moderately prices 
how about a 
i need some caribbean food in the 
i need some 
is there an italian restaurant in the 
is there an 
i am looking for an 
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the 
can we do the 
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called 
can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 6 people at 
i would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. it must include free wifi. but i'm 
i would like a 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 
from 
it'll be very good if you can include 
i want a train leaving from 
i am going to london liverpool street and i'd like to leave on 
i am going to 
i would like to arrive by 
i would like to go to a 
can you direct me to a 
can you direct me to a catalan restaurant that is 
yes how about a moderate 
yes how about a 

no, but could you give me the phone number for 
i am also looking for a train going to 
i am also looking for a train going to bishops stortford that leaves after 
i need it for 
i need it for friday an i'm departing from 
i am looking for 
i want to take a train to cambridge that arrives by 
i want to take a train to 
i'll be traveling from 
oh, i forgot to mention that, 
i am also looking for something to do that is 

could you help me find a 
please one in the 
yes i am needing a table for 7 this 
yes i am needing a table for 
yes i am needing a table for 7 this monday at 
great. i am also looking for something to do on the 
i am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 
yes, hello. i need a train departing from 
yes, hello. i need a train departing from cambridge and should go to 
i will be leaving on 
yes, i need a booking for 
i would like to visit a college in the 
i would like to visit a 
yes. i would like information on the other 4 
no the 
sorry. i want to leave cambridge on 
sorry. i want to leave 
sorry. i want to leave cambridge on sunday after 
hi, i'd like to find someplace to go in the 
i also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves 
i also need to find an 
can you find me something expensive in the cambridge area that serves 
can you find me something 
sounds good! i need a table for 3 people at 19:45 on 
sounds good! i need a table for 
sounds good! i need a table for 3 people at 
i'm looking for a train going to cambridge and arriving by 
i'm looking for a train going to 
i am leaving from london liverpool street on 
i am leaving from 
i have no preference. just find something in the 
i'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service 
i'm looking for a 
then, how about a place that serves 
yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? i'd like it to be on 
yes can you reserve me a table for 
yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? i'd like it to be on wednesday at 
i'm trying to find a hotel called 
great! yes please book it for 
great! yes please book it for 8 people and for 
i will be for 3 nights starting this 
i will be for 
also i need a train on sunday for 
also i need a train on 
i'll be leaving 
i'll be leaving cambridge and going to 
i'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. i want the train to leave after 
looking for a train. the train should arrive by 
looking for a train. the train should arrive by 13:00 and should go to 
i would be going to cambridge from 
i would be going to 
i will be leaving on 
i'm looking for something to do in the 
i'm looking for the hotel called 
perfect, thank you. can you recommend a mediterranean restaurant in the 
perfect, thank you. can you recommend a 

i am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 
i need a train that leaves cambridge on 
i need a train that leaves 
i am going to the stansted airport and i need to arrive by 
i am going to the 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on thursday, and i need to depart from 
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the 
can i please have one at 19:40. i will get there by 
can i please have one at 
i'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called 
hi. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves 
can i have a 
i need a train that goes to cambridge and departs from 
i need a train that goes to 
i leave on tuesday and need to arrive by 
i leave on 
no but i also need a place to stay that should be in the 

book it for 8 people and 4 nights. we will be checking in on 
book it for 
book it for 8 people and 
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at kings lynn by 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at kings lynn by 8 p.m. 
i'm coming from 
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the 
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves 
okay let's look for a moderately priced 
okay let's look for a 
okay, then let's go back to my first choice, african cuisine. you mentioned the 
i'm looking for a moderately priced 
i'm looking for a 
i'm sorry. can you check the 
sure, are there any moderately priced italain restaurants in the 
sure, are there any moderately priced 
sure, are there any 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 8 on 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 8 on friday for 
it will be late at night around 
i will be in the 
what do you have in 
that sounds amazing! i also want to go to a 
i would like to book a reservation at the 
i alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in 
i would like the 
i need it for 3 days for 
i need it for 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant in the 
hi, i am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves 
okay. that's fine. can you find me one that serves 
i don't care. i just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on 
i don't care. i just need a table for 
i need to find a restaurant in the 
i need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 6 people at 
i'm looking for a train going to norwhich from 
i would like to leave on 
there are 
there are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on 
there are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 
thank you so much. we also need a 
find me a moderately priced place to dine in the 
find me a 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 7 people at 13:15 on 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 
how about the british place, i would like to book for 7 people at 
how about the 
i also need a train to cambridge on 
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train from 
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train from cambridge. i'm going to 
i am leaving anytime after 11:30 from 
i am leaving anytime after 11:30 from cambridge to 
i am leaving anytime after 
i am looking for a gastropub in the 
i am looking for a 
it's a special occasion, so let's go with something 
for 5, at 17:15 on 
for 
for 5, at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
how about one that serves 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 2 on 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 2 on thursday at 
i want a place to stay in cambridge the is 
i need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting 
i need a reservation for 
i need a reservation for 
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the 
i want one in the moderate priced range. what is the price range of 
i want one in the 
what is the address for 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of 
how interesting that there's no entertainment in the 
how interesting that there's no entertainment in the centre of cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a 
i actually want a hotel with 
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from 
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from monday for 
yes, i would like to book it for 

yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from monday for 6 people. please let me k
i am interested in booking a taxi. i need to leave from primavera and go to christ's college by 
i am interested in booking a taxi. i need to leave from 
i am interested in booking a taxi. i need to leave from primavera and go to 
i need a train that arrives by 
i need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from 
i'm leaving on 
does it go to 
that's great. can you make a booking for me for 
thanks. now please help me find a 
thanks. now please help me find a moderate 
okay. can you book that for me? it will be 
i will be staying for 3 nights starting 
i will be staying for 
i'm planning a trip to 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to london kings cross. i would like my train to arrive by 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to london kings cross. i would like my train to arrive by 09:15 and leave on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to 
yes please book a round trip ticket for 
i need a 
it does not matter but i would like it to have a star rating of 
what about a 
i need a place to stay. it needs to be a 
price does not matter. i want something on the 
yes, please book for 4 nights on 
yes, please book for 4 nights on thursday for 
yes, please book for 

great! yes, i also need to find an 
is there one that happens to serve 
how about one that serves food from the 
are there any expensive restaurant that serves 
are there any 
could you double check for 
what are the 
yes please book that for one person on 
yes please book that for one person on thursday at 
yes please book that for one person on thursday at 
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves 
i'm looking for an 
no. but i need a train going to 
i am departing from cambridge on monday and i need to arrive to ely by 
i am departing from cambridge on 
i am departing from 
i am departing from cambridge on monday and i need to arrive to 
you choose one please. i need it for 
can i catch a train to 
i am looking for a park in the 
i am looking for a 
i'm looking for a train that will be going to london kings cross on 
i'm looking for a train that will be going to 
i need it to arrive by 
yes, please book for 
i am going to 
i will be leaving from london liverpool street going to cambridge on 
i will be leaving from 
i will be leaving from london liverpool street going to 
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the 
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive 
thanks! now can you help me find an 
i'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for 
i am looking for a train to 
i am looking for a train to cambridge, the train should depart after 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on saturday from 
i need to leave on saturday from london kings cross. is there a train leaving after 
can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on 
can you book autumn house for 
can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 
can you book 
hi, i could sure use some help with my planning. i am looking for a particular 
the name of the place is called 
yes, i'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from 
yes, i'd like to book for 
yes, i'd like to book for 
i am also looking for some attractions in the 
hmmm. 
i am looking for a 
great, i'd like to book at room at the 
i need to taxi from 
i'd like to go to 
i'd like to arrive by 

yes i'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 
i'm actually looking for a 
sure, let's try a 
i would actually like a 
i would actually like a 4 star 
is the 
is the university arms a 
is the university arms a 4 star 
please book it for 8 people starting 
please book it for 
please book it for 8 people starting monday for 
ok, can we try 
i would like to know the names of some good local restaurants. could you tell me where to find a train? the train should arrive by 
i'm going to 
i'm actually departing from 
i'm actually departing from cambridge and going to 
that sounds perfect, please book 
i'm also looking for a 
i need to book a place to stay with a star of 
i don't care about location, just would like a 
i don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 
can i book one on 
i would also need to book it for 
one person, and i'd like to arrive on 
i now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. i would like to leave the hotel by 
are there any cheap restaurants in the 
are there any 
please give me the address and phone number for 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train that leaves on 
i'm planning my trip and i need a train that leaves on saturday from 
i need something that arrives by 
that sounds good, can you book for 
i would like 
is there anything more moderately priced available by way of 
is there anything more 
how about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves 
how about a restaurant in the 
can you tell me some 
i'm looking on the 
ok, how about a museum in the 
ok, how about a 
i am looking for a restaurant called the 
i need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on 
i need reservations for 
i need reservations for 2 people at 
hi! i need a train to 
i will be traveling on 
i will be traveling on wednesday from 
i will be traveling on wednesday from cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the 
need one in the 
need one in the east and have 
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the 
i'm looking for a 

i would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on 
i would like a table for 
i would like a table for 8 people at 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 
yes it's called 

yes, please. book that one, 
yes, please. book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 
i need a 3 star hotel in the cambridge 
i need a 
i need a 3 star 
not sure yet. is it 
not sure yet. is it expensive? i only like to stay in expensive 
sounds good. i need it for 8, 2 nights 
sounds good. i need it for 
sounds good. i need it for 8, 
i was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the 
no, but maybe there is something in the type of 
i'm looking for an expensive 
i'm looking for an 
yes, i'd like to eat in the 
could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the 
i'd like it to be 
i would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 
i'm looking for information about a restaurant named the 
could you book me a table for 5 on 
could you book me a table for 
could you book me a table for 5 on saturday at 
i need a train to arrive by 
i need a train to arrive by 12:15 on 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. i need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. i need a ticket that leaves on 
i am leaving 
i am leaving birmingham new street going to 
yes i would also like to find a place to dine that serves italian food and should be in the 
yes i would also like to find a place to dine that serves 
it should be in the 
i'm looking for some boats in the 
i'm looking for some 
ok, thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant called 
yes, please. for 5 people at 14:00 on 
yes, please. for 
yes, please. for 5 people at 
i could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 
i could actually do a 
yes i need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting 
yes i need it booked for 
yes i need it booked for 8 people for 

yes i need to know if they have a 
hello. i am looking for a 
in the 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting thursday for 
is the 
is the gonville a good quality 
i want a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i want a 
i need some information on a train going to 
i will be departing from cambridge on 
i will be departing from 
i have to leave 
i have to leave cambridge after 
i would like to find a restaurant in the 
i'm interested in an 
i'm interested in an italian restaurant. what would you recommend in the 
yes, for 8 people at 10:15 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 8 people at 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 
i am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the 
i am looking for a restaurant serving 
yes, i would like a different selection please. what other places serve 
hello, are their any trains going to 
i am traveling on saturday and i want to arrive by 
i am traveling on 
i am traveling on saturday and i want to arrive by 15:15. i will be departing from 
is there a time between 07:06 and 
i need 
thanks so much. i also needed to find out more information about 
i'm sorry. i just need a little more information on 
i'm looking for a hotel called 
lovely, i would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting 
lovely, i would like to book it for 
lovely, i would like to book it for 
i am looking for an expensive 
i am looking for an 
no, i would like it to be in the 
no, i would like it to be in the centre. are there any 
i'd still prefer to keep it in the 
no. i am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. three people on 
no. i am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 
i need a place to stay in the 
a 
a 4 star 

could you try a different 
i am looking for details on the 
thank you. i am also looking for a train to cambridge form 
thank you. i am also looking for a train to 
on 
on wednesday leaving after 
can you help me find a college to visit in the 
can you help me find a 
i am looking for an upscale 
i need the hotel to be in the 
i need the 

i would like to find the 
can you verify that the hospital has a 
can you help me find a train for 
i'm headed to 
i'll be leaving from the 
i'll be leaving from the stansted airport, and any time after 
yes, that would be great. i am also looking for any parks in the 
yes, that would be great. i am also looking for any 
i would like to find an 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the 
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 

i could you look for a train leaving 
i could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to 
i am departing from 
i don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 
umm, no i am going to leicester from cambridge on thursday arriving by 
umm, no i am going to leicester from cambridge on 
umm, no i am going to leicester from 
umm, no i am going to 
can you get me information on a restaurant called 
yes, i need a table for 

sunday at 
are their any swimming pools in the 
i need a place to eat in the 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 3 at 15:45 this coming 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 3 at 
something that is 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 3 on 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 3 on saturday at 
thanks! i also need to book a 
i would love something 
yes. i'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on 
yes. i'd like to book for 
hi, i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the 
hi, i'm looking for a 
yes. can you book me a take for 5 at 18:00 on 
yes. can you book me a take for 
yes. can you book me a take for 5 at 
can we try 
i definitely want a 
i would like to book a room for 
i would like to book a room for 
any other 
i would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 
i would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 
i would like to book for the 
i would like to book for the lensfield 
i'd like a train to depart at 9:30 in 
i'd like a train to depart at 
no but i do need help finding a particular hotel called the 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting sunday night for 5 nights. i need reservations for 
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting sunday night for 
i'm looking for a train from 
i'm looking for a train from cambridge to the 

saturday after 
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
hello, i am looking for a 
look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an 
look for a 
that sounds good, does it have a 
if that one is in the 
yes, i am looking for an indian restaurant in the 
yes, i am looking for an 
book sitar tandoori. 2 people, 14:45, 
book sitar tandoori. 
book sitar tandoori. 2 people, 
book 
actually, i want to visit a college. somewhere in the 
yes, that would be great. can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that 
yes, i need a place to eat in that area. i want 
can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on 
can you check if they would have a table for 
can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 
i'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 
i'll need a taxi to get me from 
i'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to 
i am looking for a hotel, the 
i would like to book the room for 
i will have a party of 
i will have a party of 
we want to arrive on 
we want to arrive on friday and stay 
we want to arrive on friday and stay 
thanks! i also need a train for 
i need to go from 
i need to go from cambridge to 
i would like to leave after 
i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the 
i don't need it booked. can i get the phone number and address of an 
i also need a train departing from 
i also need a train departing from stevenage leaving after 
cambridge on 

hi there, i need to find a hotel - a 
i'd like a guesthouse rated 
i'd like a 
i will take the one in the 
i will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 
i will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from 
book it for 
book it for 4 people and 
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the 
i'd like to find an 
i would like 
what about 
okay, let's try one that serves 
ok, that sounds good. the same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. can you book a table for 1
ok, that sounds good. the same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. can you book a table for 
i would like to go from the restaurant to the 
no i would like to go somewhere in the 
no i would like to go somewhere in the centre. is there a 
yes, may i please have the address, postcode, and phone number for the adc 
great, thanks. i also need to book a train going to cambridge, and i will be departing from 
great, thanks. i also need to book a train going to 
i would like to leave on thursday and arrive by 
i would like to leave on 
i have no set departure time as long as my arrival time is before or at 
can you find a restaurant for me that is 
does either one serve 
yes, i would like a table for 2 on 
yes, i would like a table for 
i would like to dine at 
i also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the 
sure, i want 3 nights starting 
i am in the past of town. can you recommend a restaurant in a 
is it in the 
yes 
i'd like to check out an attraction on the 
yeah, a 
great. by any chance is that near a place called 
i need a train that lease from london liverpool street on 
i need a train that lease from 
i would like to leave after 
yes as long as it leaves after 
i am looking for places to go in town. what type of entertainment is there in the 
i am looking for places to go in town. what type of 
i will be visiting the 
how about 
hi, i'm looking for a 
i don't care but it needs to be 
yes, i need one that is in the 
yes thank you. i also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by 
yes thank you. i also needs a train on 
i would like to depart from 
i would like to depart from kings lynn and go to 
whichever one gets me to cambridge closest to 
whichever one gets me to 
hello, i'm looking for a train departing from norwich on 
hello, i'm looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to cambridge on 
i'm looking for a train departing from 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to 
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to cambridge on friday, i'm hoping to leave by 
i'd like a 
i'd like a 4 star 
oh i'm sorry, i forgot i need to know what time my train will arrive in 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 

yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 
yes, i'll need a 
i need a taxi departing from 
i'm going to ugly duckling and must be there no later than 
i'm going to 
what's fun to do on the 
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves 
i need a 
how about 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 17:30 on 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 
that works just fine. book it for myself at 
do they have an opening at 
do they have an opening at 
thanks! i'm also looking for a 
it doesn't matter, but i would prefer a 
that one sounds perfect. can i get the address for the 
that one sounds perfect. can i get the address for the alpha-milton 
hello, i am trying to locate a restaurant that serves 
how about an expensive restaurant that serves 
how about an 
great. could you also help me find a cinema in the 
great. could you also help me find a 
can you get me information on a place called 
can you book a table for 5 people at 18:45 on 
can you book a table for 
can you book a table for 5 people at 
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the 
are any of them 
are any of them 4 star 
what's the postcode for your favorite of those 
okay. can you also provide me with information on the 
okay. can you also provide me with information on the cambridge and county folk 
the county folk 
i am looking for a place to stay that is 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
could you check for something in the 
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from leicester on 
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from 
i need to arrive by 
i need to arrive by 08:15 in 
i need a train to 
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 
i would like to leave on 
i would like to leave on tuesday, and depart from 
yeah. i need to book for 
i also need a place to stay, i'd like possibly a 
i'm in the 
nothing particular. what is your favorite attraction in the 
i would like some information on the 
my companion and i will arrive on 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart 
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to 
i need a taxi from 
i need a taxi from finches bed and breakfast to ian hong house. please be here at 
i need to arrive to 
i need to arrive to ian hong house by 
we are planning to be in cambridge. we would like to go to a swimmingpool in the 
we are planning to be in cambridge. we would like to go to a 
could you give me some information about a hotel called 
can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on 
can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on monday for 
can you please book it for me? 
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the 
i'm looking for a 
i am planning a trip in 
i want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from 
i need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on 
i need to depart 
i need to depart broxbourne to 
i need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 
yes, i need 
thanks! i'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the 
thanks! i'm also looking for 
thanks! i'm also looking for moderately-priced 
can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 
i am departing from 
i would like to travel on 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on tuesday for 
i need to book a 
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on tuesday for 8 at the 
hello i am looking for a 
i would like to stay in the 
i would like to stay in the west. i prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 
could i please get the postcode, and the address for this 
great. i'll also need a train going to 
i'm departing from leicester. the train should leave on 
i'm departing from 
i'd like to have some 
i am looking for a 
ok, 2 questions. 1 - what are the 
i'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the 
any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the 
great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you look for a 
great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you look for a 4 star 
are any of them in the 
how about 
yes, i'll be coming in on 
yes, i'll be coming in on wednesday with 
yes, i'll be coming in on wednesday with 

thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. i need to get there by 
i am looking for a hotel with a 
either is fine. i'd like a 

no. i would like to make a reservation for 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 3 nights and 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 
can you please try a 
i'm looking for cheap places to eat in the 
i'm looking for 
yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on 
yes, for 
yes, for 6 people, 
i would also like a place to stay. i would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the 
i would also like a place to stay. i would like a 
is there not a 
how about a guesthouse with 0-star and 
more information please. i'd just like the address and postcode for 
i'd like train information for 
departing fro ely on wednesday and arriving by 
departing fro ely on 
departing fro 
ok, and i also want to find out about an attraction called 
hello i need a train leaving after 13:00 that is departing from 
hello i need a train leaving after 
as long as they all go to 
no, i need to leave on 
what time will i arrive in 
no, i need help finding a cinema located in the 
no, i need help finding a 
i'm sorry, but if their is no cinema in the 
i am looking for a place to go in the 
i am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. i'm really interested in a 
do you have any in mind? it really doesn't matter, as long as its 
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on 
yes book for 
yes book for 3 people at 
i am looking for a restaurant in the 
how about a moderately priced 
how about a 
how about 
i would like a moderately priced 
i would like a 
i'm looking for a good place for entertainment in the 
i'm looking for a good place for 
lets drop entertainment and look up one for the type of 
find a train that departs from cambridge, leaving on 
find a train that departs from 
i'm going to 
i'm going to leicester and need to leave after 
please help me find a train which will arrive in cambridge on 
please help me find a train which will arrive in 
i am travelling from 
i am travelling from kings lynn after 
i want to book for 
yes, actually. can you tell me about 
i am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves 
hi, i'd like to find an expensive 
hi, i'd like to find an 
how about 
hey there. i am trying to plan my trip for cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. it's called the 
i want to book a table for one for 
i want to book a table for one for tuesday 
i want to book a table for one for tuesday 
i need a train which goes to birmingham new street and should arrive by 
i need a train which goes to 
i need to leave on 
i need to leave on wednesday and depart from 
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves 

i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 5 people for me for 
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 5 people for me for saturday by 
i prefer the 
i need to leave sunday from cambridge and travel to birmingham new street, arriving before 
i need to leave 
i need to leave sunday from 
i need to leave sunday from cambridge and travel to 
no thank you, what time does the train leave 
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the 
i am looking for a 
please tell me the address and phone number of the 
