i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the west end of cambridge.
i do not have a preference, so surprise me!
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on thursday at 11:30.
can i also book a train please?
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 08:30.
no, just thursday is the day i need it.
that's perfect, though i don't want to book it just yet. can you give me the travel time, price, and train id please?
that's all i needed, thank you
hi, i need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.
i would like a guesthouse that has free parking.
yes can you tell me the address please?
not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 17:30.
departing from kings lynn on saturday
yes, book for 2 people. and i need the reference number too pleases.
i am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food.
i am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food.
i don't care.
i don't care
yes, and their address too.
what is the postcode?
no, that will be all. thank you and goodbye!
you, too.
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on tuesday.
i will be traveling to leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.
i would like to arrive by 21:15.
yes but i need that to be booked for 3 people. i would like the reference number please. i also need a place to stay as well.
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.
yes that was all i needed thank you so much.
i am looking for college attractions in the centre.
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of christ's college?
also want to find someplace to eat. want to be in the cheap price range and in the same area of town.
i was thinking more on the lines of afghan food. do you have any listings for that?
could you check fr mediterranean please?
i will need it for three, at noon, on thursday.
how about at 11:00?
no, thank you, that should be all.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
no, i don't. i just need free parking and 4 stars.
that sounds good. give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address
yes, could you tell me about your museums?
could you give me the postcode and phone number.
that is all i need, thank you!
hello, i'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
yes, i am looking for free parking. internet is not important.
not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel
okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. also find me a train departing from london liverpool street to arrive cambridge by 08:15.
find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by 20:15.
is it on saturday?
yes, i definitely would. can i please have the confirmation number as well?
no, that's ok. no need to book it, but can you tell me the price of the ticket?
i want to book a room at the el shaddai for 4 people 4 nights starting tuesday
thank you.
i would like to book a hotel in cambridge. is there any availability at the autumn house?
yes. book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.
i am also looking for a train to cambridge. i would like to leave thursday.
ely. oh and i'll need to arrive by 9.
yes, for the same group of 6.
i don't believe so. i think that does it. have a great night. bye.
i am trying to book a train.
i want to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on thursday after 09:45.
i would like price, please
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the expensive price range.
there's nothing in the north?
yeah, i think that would be all right.
yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting saturday.
are there in hotels in the north with a 2 star rating?
i would prefer you to check another area, please.
can you search for one that is cheap in price then?
i need something in the cheap price range with other restrictions retained.
are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the north?
can you book that for 8 people for 1 night since 5 nights did not work earlier?
that would be it. thank you
i need to find a train leaving cambridge and going to ely. can you help?
i need to leave on friday and arrive by 21:45.
what's the travel time on that one?
what time does that train leave cambridge? i also need a place to stay in ely, with free parking and free wifi?
really makes no difference to me as long as its on the north side of town
i will take any suggestions you have.
can you confirm if the hamilton lodge has both free parking and free wifi?
no, not today. i just needed information.
no that is all thanks
i'd like to find a museum to visit
i don't have a preference. i do need the area, address and postcode.
that would be great. can you provide me with the area, address, and postcode please?
yes, i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the south.
yes please, for 4 people for 3 nights
i will get there on saturday.
i need a reference number for the hotel.
thanks! i will need a taxi, too, please. i'd to leave the hotel by 10:30 to head to the gallery.
great! that is all i needed, thanks.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.
either will work. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on monday.
thanks. could you also find a museum to go to in town?
am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of museum.
great. can you tell me the postcode for byard art?
i'll need a taxi
i'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please. i'll need the taxi to get from the museum to lucky star in time for my booking.
you are the one that suggested byard art. remember?
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
hi, i have a business meeting and i'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city centre.
i'm sure moroccan food will impress my clients. are there any restaurants that serve it?
can you search for british food instead?
yes, please book a reservation at fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on wednesday. oh! can i please get the reference number?
thank you. i also need info on a college to visit in the town centre. anyone will do. whatever you recommend.
great thanks, what is their entrance fee and phone number?
thank you for all your help. goodbye.
hello, i'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. suggestions?
okay, please make a reservation at frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on friday.
i also need info on a hotel called the kirkwood house.
thank you for all your help today i think that is everything. goodbye.
okay, thanks, bye!
i want to find some information about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from thursday?
i am looking for a mexican restaurant in south cambridge
yes. actually can you make a booking for me?
actually, can you just send me the address?
i am needing a place to stay with a star of 3 and free wifi please.
i need something cheap
do you have an expensive hotel that meets my other criteria?
either of those sounds great. there will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on sunday. can you book that, please?
darn. why don't we try booking it for tuesday instead then?
is the system back up now?
that would be great, thank you.
nope, that's all i needed. thanks for your help. goodbye!
i am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.
the restaurant should be in the south, and should serve eastern european food if there is a restaurant like that.
how about portugese?
what price range is that one?
i need a table for 4 at 19:30 on thursday. if that time is unavailable, please reserve for 18:30.
no, that is all the information that i needed. thank you for your time.
thank you! you too! good bye.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the north.
hm, maybe something moderately priced? with free wifi?
yes, i would like it to start monday and be for 5 nights for 4 people. can i get the reference number?
i also need a train heading to cambridge on monday as well
i'll be leaving kings lynn after 13:15.
no, that is all i needed. thank you!
thank you too!
i need a train to cambridge for tuesday. would you be able to help?
i need the train to leave after 9:30 from london liverpool street.
i am leaving at 9:30. that is in the morning.
do you have anything leaving after 9:30?
when does that train arrive?
could i have the phone number please?
oh! right. i need a phone number for a restaurant. a chinese place, in the south, and on the cheap if possible.
no, thank you. that was all i needed today.
i'm looking for information on a restaurant called la margherita.
i need to find a restaurant in the center of town. a place offering vietnamese food, if possible.
really, it should be expensive.
how about turkish food?
yes and i need a confirmation number thank you
i'm not sure yet, can i have the phone number and postcode so i can book the table?
no, i would like to check out going to a boat.
it doesn't matter to me.
no, thanks. please just select one for me and then let me know the area and address.
i also need a taxi. can you help with that?
i want to leave the riverboat georgina by 23:30, please.
the acorn guest house please.
no, thank you. i have everything i need at this time.
i would like some information on an attraction called clare hall. if you could provide address and cost of admission that would be great.
could i get the phone number, postcode, and the area that the cost of clare hall is located in, please?
okay great. i'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating.
i need a hotel that's cheap with free parking.
that would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from monday?
four nights would work.
great. thank you. that's all i need.
i'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food.
how about chinese type of food?
price doesn't matter. suggest one please.
thank you, goodbye!
i need information on a place called magdalene college.
great! what is their postcode?
yes, i'm looking for a place to stay while i'm in town.
i would like a guesthouse in the moderate area, i don't care about free parking, i won't be bringing my mercedes on this trip.
no, thank you. however, will you please tell me the postcode?
could you tell me now many star rating that has? is it in the north? i forgot to say i need it there.
internet doesn't matter to me. any guesthouse in the north that you recommend will be fine. i'll just need the phone number, star, and postcode.
thanks, that is all i need.
you too thanks so much.
i will be sure to call you if i need your services
i want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria
yes please. for one person at 12:30 on sunday.
yes, please give me the reference number.
yes how about one in the same area and price range please?
awesome! thanks so much. that is all i need.
cheap restaurant, please
do you have any serves jamaican food ?
how about mediterranean?
yes, and the postcode please.
no, thank you, goodbye,
i'm looking for lodgings on the east side.
either one is fine, but i would like it to have 4 stars. it doesn't need to have free parking.
cheap is fine.
no, but can you give me their address, please?
that's all i needed today. thanks so much for your help!
i need a place to stay that has free parking
i need a guesthouse that includes free parking. i'm needing one in the moderate price range. i don't care what area you find for me.
any one of the 4 star ones will do. can you choose one and make me a reservation please?
i will be alone. i need to arrive on monday for 2 nights. just someplace clean and i'll be happy :)
thanks! can you also tell me about the nightclubs in town?
great, how much is the entrance fee?
can you book a taxi that picks me up at club salsa at 05:30.
thank you so much!
no, i'm all set. thanks!
thank you!
a cheap restaurant in the south part of town
chinese, what is the number?
what is their address?
what is the postcode please?
thank you very much.
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called rice boat.
no thanks, but could i get the price range and the postcode please?
can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?
can i have the address of the chinese restaurant?
ok thank you good bye
does cambridge museum of technology still open?
what's the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode for that museum?
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. i also need free wifi there.
i'd like an expensive hotel please.
yes the university arms would you be able to book that?
6 people, five nights, starting on thursday, please.
yes please book that.
that's perfect. thank you so much.
i'm sorry, i made a mistake! i need for it to start on tuesday not thursday!!!! can you fix that for me???
no, thank you. i think that's it.
could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?
yes could we try one that serves british food?
no the area doesn't matter. i'd like to book a table for 7 on sunday.
ok, book that place.
we have seven people.
it will on the same day for 3 nights.
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 12:45?
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 4-star hotel.
i do not have a preference.
does it have free parking and wifi? if so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number
i will be arrving on sunday
thank you. i am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
so i can arrive at my location by the booked time you made.
can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves british food?
is one of them located in centre? i will be staying over there and would like something close.
thank you very much for the assistance.
no. i am also looking for a hotel. alexander bed and breakfast.
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 6 people.
no that will be all for today. thanks so much for all your help. goodbye.
i need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price.
yes i would like it to be on the north part of town.
yes a guesthouse would be fine. does it have internet? and what is it's postcode?
great, that's perfect. thanks for your help!
no that's all for now. thank you.
i'm looking for a museum in east area.
can you give me the address and phone number of the free museum?
that will do thank you. i also need a restaurant in the moderate price range.
in the same area as cambridge artworks.
yes. i need to book it for saturday at 17:30. just for me.
thanks. thats it for today. thanks again. goodbye.
i am looking for an expensive priced chinese restaurant
okay, what is the address and phone number for ugly duckling?
that's alright. i'm also looking for a train booking too. i need to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.
i need to arrive by 17:45 on tuesday
please book this train for 2 people and provide the reference number.
ok, great that's everything i needed. thank you!
hi there. real quick. having a blast. i want a really good restaurant not too far from my hotel. what do you have?
i'm in the centre of town.
i have no food preference, but i would prefer an expensive restaurant.
yes. please book for 7 people on thursday at 12:30.
i am also looking for an attraction in the same area i will eat.
can you recommend a place?
yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?
no thank you that will be all
i want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from cambridge.
i need the train to leave after 09:15 on saturday.
that train works well.
yes please. get me 8 tickets for my party as well as a reference number.
i also need a hotel that has free parking. i don't need internet or anything like that.
are any of the 29 places, guest houses? i would actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.
can you help me find a train leaving cambridge, to arrive by 12:00?
i am going to ely.
actually, i need to go birmingham new street and will be traveling on friday.
that is perfect. can you book 1 seat for me please?
i am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.
yes, please. i want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.
how about tuesday?
yes, give me the reference number.
okay, thank you. good bye.
i am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
i don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 4.
it should also include free wifi.
yes. i'll need accomodations for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
acorn, please. could you book that?
thank you. that should be it, thank you for your time.
i will be visiting cambridge and i need a list of the main attractions in the south.
i don't have a particular type. what would you recommend?
what is their address?
yes i am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.
is it a 2 star or better?
no thank you. i just need the post code.
thanks. i will also need a taxi to take me from the junction to the ashley hotel. i would like to leave the attraction by 21:15.
yes. thank you.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town
yes, i'd like a 3 star place. it doesn't need to have free parking.
yes please. book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
the alpha milton guest house sounds better. please book a room there.
no that is it ,thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food.
is there another venue?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
i don't care about the price. thank you goodbye.
i need a hotel at the center of town to stay in
yes, that would be great.
i would like to book it for tonight, please.
i'd like to know the price range, address, and phone number please.
okay thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant. can you help me?
i would like it to be in the expensive price range and in the same area as the hotel.
no preference however i just need something for 13:45 on tuesday
i need a table for five people please. i don't care which kind of food.
12:45 will work for me.
not at this moment. thank you so much for all of your help.
i would love to get some information on the abbey pool and astroturf pitch
you said that's in the east, correct?
how often do trains depart peterborough going to cambridge during the week?
not at this time. thanks for your help
actually, i would like to book a train. it needs to arrive by 20:30. i'd like to book for 3 people.
yes i would like to arrive by 20:30 in cambridge from peterborough.
i would like to depart on wednesday.
thanks so much for all of your help i cant wait to get there!
i apologize, i am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 3 people.
how about a moderately prices italian restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
you're right. now that we have the train booked, that's all i need.
i need some caribbean food in the south part of town.
is there an italian restaurant in the south part of town?
i don't care.
yes, please
may i also get the postcode of the restaurant?
that will be all. thank you very much!
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the expensive price range.
can we do the centre of town?
phone number and postcode, please.
thank you, that's all i need today. you've been a great help - goodbye!
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called panahar.
can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday?
no, that's it for me today. thanks for your help!
i am looking for information in cambridge
i would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. it must include free wifi. but i'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.
the area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.
from thursday.
it'll be very good if you can include alexander bed and breakfast but need to be in a reasonable price.
can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel?
can you direct me to a catalan restaurant that is moderately priced please?
yes how about a moderate mexican restaurant?
italian would work just as good.
no, but could you give me the phone number for pizza express?
i am also looking for a train going to bishops stortford that leaves after 15:30.
i need it for friday an i'm departing from cambridge
i'm not sure if i want to book yet or not, can you confirm the travel time for that one?
thanks that's all i need have a good day.
i am looking for african food
yes. i need the address please.
thank you, goodbye.
could you help me find a thai restaurant?
please one in the centre.
yes i am needing a table for 7 this monday at 11:15 please.
great. i am also looking for something to do on the west side of town. any suggestions? i will need the entrance fee and postcode and the type of attraction.
yes, what type of attraction is it and what is the postcode?
i am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 11:15. can you give me a contact number and the car type?
thank you very much. that's all i need today.
hi, i'd like to find someplace to go in the west.
i don't know what there is, so it's hard to say. could you recommend something interesting or unusual?
what kind of attraction is that and how much does it cost to get in?
i also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves traditional food please.
can you find me something expensive in the cambridge area that serves gastropub food?
sounds good! i need a table for 3 people at 19:45 on thursday.
thank you that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service danish food. any suggestions?
then, how about a place that serves mediterranean food?
yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? i'd like it to be on wednesday at 17:00, please.
i'm trying to find a hotel called worth house. can you help me?
great! yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.
i will be for 3 nights starting this thursday.
also i need a train on sunday for 8 people
i'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. i want the train to leave after 10:45
yes and to make a booking for the same group of people, be sure i get the reference number please.
great! thank you so much for your help!
i'm looking for the hotel called kirkwood house.
i'd like to get the address, hotel type, and price range please!
perfect, thank you. can you recommend a mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?
gardenia is fine. can i get the postcode and price range?
thank you for finding the gardenia for me, that is all i need today.
i am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern european food.
yes, i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday.
yes, please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range.
i need a train that leaves cambridge on thursday.
i am going to the stansted airport and i need to arrive by 21:30.
departure time doesn't matter, i just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on thursday, and i need to depart from cambridge.
can i please have one at 19:40. i will get there by 21:30 correct?
i don't need tickets at the moment, but i do need the price and train id for that 19:40 departure, please.
i'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called frankie and benny's.
can you tell me the postcode, food type, and the price range?
no, that's all i needed. thank you.
hi. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves irish food. can you help me?
can i have a thai restaurant instead ?
i need a train that goes to cambridge and departs from bishops stortford.
i leave on tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.
what time does the train depart? what is the price and total travel time?
no but i also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.
nope, wherever you recommend will be great. thanks
yes can you please do that for me?
book it for 8 people and 4 nights. we will be checking in on thursday.
no, that will be all. thank you!
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to kings lynn.
i'm coming from cambridge and would like to arrive at kings lynn by 8 p.m. monday.
yes, please. thank you so much!
none right now but could you just tell me the price, train id, and travel time?
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food.
is it in the moderate price range?
okay let's look for a moderately priced international restaurant, book me a table anywhere for 8 people at 14:45 on monday.
okay, then let's go back to my first choice, african cuisine. you mentioned the bedouin, earlier. is it in the city centre?
yes, i would like to book please.
have a nice day.
i'm looking for a moderately priced steakhouse.
i'm sorry. can you check the south and see if there is one?
sure, are there any moderately priced italain restaurants in the south?
i think i can find it. could you book a table for 8 on friday for 16:45?
great! thank you!
i am also looking for an attraction in the same are.
i don't have a preference can you make a suggestion?
that sounds good can i get the postcode and phone number?
i'll a taxi to get between the 2 places.
it will be late at night around 22:00
thank you so much, have a great day!
i will be in the centre area and would like to visit some atractions. can you assist me.
what do you have in nightclubs?
that sounds amazing! i also want to go to a modern european restaurant in the same area as the nightclub.
yes, thank you. that's all i need.
thank you, goodbye!
i would like to book a reservation at the cambridge lodge restaurant
i'm sorry, i'm just looking for information. could you tell me the area, food type, and post code for that restaurant?
i alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in cheap price range?
i would like the guesthouse.
i need it for 3 days for 2 people.
i do not have a specific day at this time.
could you please give me the address and postcode?
hi, i am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves tuscan food.
okay. that's fine. can you find me one that serves chinese food?
i don't care. i just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on tuesday if you can book me one.
lucky star. sure why not.
could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area?
yes, please. same people, date, and time.
no i do not need anything else, thank you goodbye.
i need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side.
i don't have a preference.
that sounds good. i would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on sunday.
is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range?
i think that is all, thank you, cheers.
i'm looking for a train going to norwhich from cambridge.
i would like to leave on tuesday.
there are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on tuesday. i'll need a reference number, please.
thank you so much. we also need a cheap place to stay. can you help with that?
find me a moderately priced place to dine in the west.
how about the british place, i would like to book for 7 people at 13:15 on sunday
excellent, thank you so much.
i also need a train to cambridge on sunday
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train from cambridge. i'm going to broxbourne.
i am leaving anytime after 11:30 from cambridge to broxbourne, what is the arrival time?
no thanks, i just wanted to know the arrival time.
no, you have helped with everything i needed. thanks so much for your time. bye.
i am looking for a gastropub in the centre of town. what do you have?
it's a special occasion, so let's go with something expensive.
i need a table for 5 people.
for 5, at 17:15 on friday.
awesome, i'm also looking for a swimming pool to go to after the restaurant. can you find one in the same area?
that sounds great. could you give me their number please?
that takes care of all my needs. thanks a bunch!
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food.
how about one that serves british food then?
no, could you recommend me a place? i'm looking for to book a table for 2 on thursday at 11:30.
no thank you. it's perfect. thank you for your help.
i want a place to stay in cambridge the is moderate price no wifi
an inexpensive area with free parking if possible.
sure! i would like that!
i need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting wednesday. thanks!
no thanks, that's all i needed. i appreciate your help!
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town.
i don't care.
can you tell me what kind of food they serve?
i want one in the moderate priced range. what is the price range of chiquito restaurant?
what is the address for pizza hut cherry hinton?
sorry what is the area again?
thank you, goodbye
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.
how interesting that there's no entertainment in the centre of cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a college i could visit?
could you suggest one and provide the postcode and phone number?
can i also get a place to stay, needs to include wifi but i dont care about parking.
i actually want a hotel with 0 stars, i don't like stars.
yes, i would like to book it for 2 nights starting from monday for 6 people. please let me know the reference number.
thank you that will be all
i need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from ely. can you help me?
i'm leaving on wednesday.
does it go to cambridge?
that's great. can you make a booking for me for 5 people?
i will need the reference number please.
okay, i need that. didn't they give you a reference number when you booked it?
thanks. now please help me find a moderate guesthouse that offers wifi
i'd like to stay in cambridge, but no area or star rating preference. just the free wifi. any suggestions?
okay. can you book that for me? it will be 5 of us staying there
i will be staying for 3 nights starting wednesday.
that's all for now! thank you, have a good day!
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and looking for a train to get me there. can you help me find one please?
i am departing from cambridge and i would like to go to london kings cross. i would like my train to arrive by 09:15 and leave on friday.
yes please book a round trip ticket for 10 people.
i need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
it does not matter but i would like it to have a star rating of 0.
what about a guesthouse?
what is the price range of those hotels?
not at this time. thank you for all the information. i'm all set. good bye.
i need a place to stay. it needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.
price does not matter. i want something on the west.
maybe. does it have free parking?
yes, please book for 4 nights on thursday for 1 person.
great! yes, i also need to find an expensive restaurant close to the hotel.
is there one that happens to serve chinese food?
how about one that serves food from the americas?
are there any expensive restaurant that serves american, anywhere in the city?
could you double check for chinese food?
what are the expensive chinese restaurants that are available?
yes please book that for one person on thursday at 12:15.
it will be just me, myself and i!
that is everything. thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food while i'm in cambridge.
yes, please, and their postcode as well.
no. but i need a train going to ely.
i am departing from cambridge on monday and i need to arrive to ely by 11:15.
you choose one please. i need it for 4 people.
thank you very much.
no that's all. thanks so much!
i need to book a train
i am going to cambridge.
i will be leaving from london liverpool street going to cambridge on sunday.
yes please, just for one person.
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre please?
i'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for the slug and lettuce, just because its name is so awesome?
no i just needed the information, thanks for your help you've be so helpful!
i am looking for a train to cambridge, the train should depart after 21:45?
i need to leave on saturday from london kings cross. is there a train leaving after 21:45 that fits my needs?
yes, how much would that cost total?
just one ticket please and thank you
can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 4 nights, please?
yes. i need the reference number.
that is all i needed today, thank you for your help.
hi, i could sure use some help with my planning. i am looking for a particular hotel.
the name of the place is called a and b guest house.
yes, i'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from friday. can you check availability?
i am also looking for some attractions in the west.
hmmm. cafe jello gallery sounds interesting. may i please get their address?
i am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking.
does it have free internet?
great, i'd like to book at room at the cambridge belfry.
yes i'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.
can you try it in a different area please?
i don't have a preference, but i guess we could stay in a four star hotel with free parking if we absolutely had to.
i'm actually looking for a 5 star place. any available?
sure, let's try a 4 star hotel.
i would actually like a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
is the university arms a 4 star hotel?
please book it for 8 people starting monday for 3 nights.
ok, can we try 2 nights instead please?
i would like to know the names of some good local restaurants. could you tell me where to find a train? the train should arrive by 20:15.
i'm going to cambridge.
i'm actually departing from cambridge and going to london kings cross.
that sounds perfect, please book 1 ticket for me, and can i have the reference number?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
i need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. i don't need free parking.
i don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 4 stars please.
i need one with free wi-fi.
can i book one on tuesday?
i would also need to book it for 4 nights.
one person, and i'd like to arrive on tuesday.
after that i'm also going to need the reference number.
ok, now can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?
can you please provide me with the address, telephone number and the cost of admission.
i now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. i would like to leave the hotel by 15:45. can you book that for me?
no, that is all. thanks so much. bye.
are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town?
i do not have a preference.
please give me the address and phone number for nandos.
no, thank you. good bye.
i'm planning my trip and i need a train that leaves on saturday from norwich.
i need something that arrives by 08:45.
that sounds good, can you book for 8 people please?
thanks so much. yes, i am trying to find a place to eat also.
i would like korean food.
is there anything more moderately priced available by way of korean food?
how about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves italian food?
just pick one and give me: phone number and postcode
that will work! thanks so much. take care. bye.
can you tell me some colleges that i could go to in town?
i'm looking on the east side of town.
ok, how about a museum in the east?
that sounds nice can i please get a postcode, entrance fee, and phone number.
i am looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.
i need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday.
i would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
thank you no that will be all!
hi! i need a train to birmingham new street.
i will be traveling on wednesday from cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.
could you just give me the train id and price on that please?
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the east
need one in the east and have 2 stars.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.
chinese would be great!
i would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday
okay, that sounds good. i'll need a reference number.
thank you so much for your help.
i have a restaurant in mind that i'm trying to eat at tonight.
yes it's called rice house. i would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on saturday.
ok. can i have the reference number for that reservation?
i would also like to find a place to stay with free wifi and parking.
expensive price range, please.
yes, please. book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 7 people.
no, that will be all. thank you.
i need a 3 star hotel in the cambridge centre.
not sure yet. is it expensive? i only like to stay in expensive hotels.
sounds good. i need it for 8, 2 nights friday.
i was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the centre part of town.
no, but maybe there is something in the type of college?
yes, could you give me their phone number and the entrance fee?
no thanks. thats all for today. bye.
i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant. can you find me one?
yes, i'd like to eat in the centre if possible.
could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the golden curry?
thanks. can you help me find a hotel as well? i don't need internet, but i do need free parking.
i'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.
i would prefer something in the cambridge area or close to it.
that's ok, i just need the postcode and phone number.
can i get a contact number and car type please?
i would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 08:00
thank you, that's everything that i need.
i'm looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok.
could you book me a table for 5 on saturday at 12:00?
that is all thank you!
i need a train to arrive by 12:15 on saturday. can you help me?
i am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. i need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 12:15, can you help?
i'm not ready to book, but appreciate the information.
yes i would also like to find a place to dine that serves italian food and should be in the centre of town.
it should be in the expensive price range.
yes, that's fine. can i have the address please?
perfect, that is all i need for right now. thank you for all of your help! goodbye.
i'm looking for some boats in the east, actually.
that might be good. what is the entrance fee?
ok, thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant called don pasquale pizzeria.
yes, please. for 5 people at 14:00 on monday.
thank you for the reference number. goodbye!
i am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi.
i could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 0.
no, area doesn't matter.
yes i need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting monday.
that is all for now. thank you so much.
hello. i am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking.
in the expensive price range please.
i do not care about the area too much. could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting thursday for 5 nights?
is the gonville a good quality hotel?
that was all, thank you.
i want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. what is the address?
thank you, goodbye.
i need some information on a train going to stevenage.
i will be departing from cambridge on sunday.
that's too early. i need an afternoon train. what do you have later on?
i have to leave cambridge after 13:00.
that is fine. can i get the price for a ticket please?
not just yet. i am just getting some information for now.
i would like to find a restaurant in the moderate price range.
i'm interested in an italian restaurant. what would you recommend in the moderate price range?
yes, for 8 people at 10:15 on sunday
thank you, that's all i need today!
no thank you have a nice day.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
no, any price range is fine. can you recommend one of the restaurants?
hmm, i don't really like the food there. is there anything else?
can i get the address and phone number, please?
thank you.
thank you
i am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town.
i don't care.
yes, i would like a different selection please. what other places serve turkish food?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house
lovely, i would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting wednesday please.
i am looking for an expensive portuguese restaurant.
no, i would like it to be in the centre. are there any indian restaurants?
i'd still prefer to keep it in the expensive price range if possible
no. i am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. three people on wednesday.
yes, that is correct, i also need a reference number.
i need a ride to and from too please. i'll need the car type and contact number too please.
thanks for all of your help, you've been great!
i need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi.
a 4 star guesthouse would be ideal, thank you.
either would be fine as long as it can accommodate 6 people for 2 nights starting this sunday.
yes please and i need the address,thank you.
could you try a different hotel in the same pricerange please?
thank you so much for all your help. that is all i need.
i am looking for details on the yu garden restaurant.
adress and phone number please and thank you
thank you. i am also looking for a train to cambridge form stansted airport.
on wednesday leaving after 11:30
yes it will what is the price?
great that is all i need for now thank you.
yes, thanks for all your help today.
thanks. i appreciate your help. goodbye.
i am looking for an upscale hotel.
i need the hotel to be in the west part of the city and have free parking please.
if it has free parking, i would like to book it for wednesday please.
can i get it for three nights. there will be two of us.
yes something else in the same price range please.
any area is fine, just in the same price range is what matters to me.
thank you so much for your help.
no, thank you. that was all i needed.
i would like to find the anatolia restaurant please.
what is the price range?
no, i'm all set. thanks! bye!
i would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. can you help?
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. does university arms fit that criteria?
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting tuesday please?
i could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?
i am departing from cambridge.
i don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 10:15.
umm, no i am going to leicester from cambridge on thursday arriving by 10:15.
yes please! also, kindly provide the price, travel time, and train id if you can. maybe i will visit hogwarts next time haha
thank you very much.
no, thanks, that's all i need, thanks so much! have a great day!
no, that's all i will be needing today. good-bye.
can you get me information on a restaurant called j restaurant?
yes, i need a table for 3 people.
sunday at 12 please
are their any swimming pools in the east?
actually, just give me the postal code and entrance fee.
i would also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant
i just need it to arrive to the restaurant before our reservation.
no thanks. i got everything i needed. take care. bye.
i need a place to eat in the east.
something that is moderate in price, and i'll need a table for 3 at 15:45 this coming saturday.
that sounds fine. do they have a table available for 3 on saturday at 15:45?
yes, please, i would like that.
thanks! i also need to book a hotel room.
i would love something 4 star rated and i have a lot of work to do in the room so free wifi would be great.
yes. i'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on saturday.
thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. what do you have?
chinese would be great.
yes. can you book me a take for 5 at 18:00 on monday?
can we try 17:00?
i am also looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.
i definitely want a hotel, not a guest house. it should also be in the same area as the the lucky star restaurant.
i would like to book a room for 5 nights for 5 people starting the same day.
any other hotels?
i would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 3 nights only then.
that's all i need. thank you for your help!
can i get some information on a train?
i'd like a train to depart at 9:30 in cambridge.
how long is that train ride?
no but i do need help finding a particular hotel called the gonville hotel.
i'd like to book it. can you book it starting sunday night for 5 nights. i need reservations for 6 people.
you took care of everything, thank you so much.
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.
i don't care.
can you please give me the address and phone number?
thank you!
look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an expensive price range
that sounds good, does it have a 4 star rating and wifi?
does it also have free parking?
if that one is in the expensive price range, i'd like to book a room for 2 nights starting sunday please.
there will be two people for two nights.
yes, i am looking for an indian restaurant in the east part of town.
i would like one in the same price range as the hotel.
book sitar tandoori. 2 people, 14:45, sunday.
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?
actually, i want to visit a college. somewhere in the centre.
yes, that would be great. can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?
thank you. do you have the postcode, please?
yes, i need a place to eat in that area. i want italian food.
can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on sunday?
i'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 17:45. can you set that up for me?
would you know what type of car will pick me up? may i please have a contact number for the taxi?
thank you! that is all that i need.
i am looking for a hotel, the alpha-milton guest house.
what day would you like me to book a room ?
i would like to book the room for friday for four nights.
yes, please provide the reference number.
i will have a party of 4 people.
we want to arrive on friday and stay 4 nights.
thanks! i also need a train for tuesday.
i need to go from cambridge to london kings cross.
i would like to leave after 09:15. i'd like the travel time, id and price please
thank you for everything, that is all i need.
i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the expensive price range.
i just need to have free parking.
i don't need it booked. can i get the phone number and address of an expensive hotel with free wifi and parking? you choose.
i also need a train departing from stevenage leaving after 08:45
cambridge on friday.
i think so, but can you confirm the price first? thank you.
is there any earlier arrival times?
could you please give me the arrival time and confirm that the price is still 12.80
ok, thank you. that is everything that i need.
hi there, i need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. i don't need internet so don't worry about that
i'd like a guesthouse rated 3 stars.
i will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 5 nights.
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the west to celebrate our family.
i would like chinese.
what about greek food?
okay, let's try one that serves british food.
ok, that sounds good. the same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. can you book a table for 15:30?
great. thank you. now i need a taxi.
i will need the taxi the same day.
i would like to go from the restaurant to the hotel.
yes the time works for me . that will be all thanks and have a great day.
can you find a restaurant for me that is southern and is in the mid price range?
does either one serve hungarian food? i'd like hungarian food.
restaurant alimentum sounds interesting. could you give me more information about this location?
yes, i would like a table for 2 on wednesday.
i would like to dine at 13:30 and i also need the reference number.
i also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the east side and have free parking, i don't need internet.
any of those could work. you decide.
sure, i want 3 nights starting wednesday please.
thank you for all your help. that sounds perfect.
i am in the past of town. can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range?
i do not care about the type of food.
is it in the west part of town?
yes west please
great! could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant?
thank you, goodbye
i'd like to check out an attraction on the east side.
yeah, a boat sounds good. can you get me the phone number and postcode for one?
great. by any chance is that near a place called hamilton lodge? someone recommended it to me but i don't know much about it.
could you give me their phone number and postcode? and is that a guesthouse?
no, you've been a great help! thank you!
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse in cambridge.
i don't care but it needs to be cheap.
does it have free parking and internet? also, i'd like to be in the centre of town.
yes, i need one that is in the centre. please give me the postcode, price range and star of the hotel.
yes thank you. i also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by 16:15.
i would like to depart from kings lynn and go to cambridge.
whichever one gets me to cambridge closest to 16:15.
wonderful, could i just have the price for now? i may book myself later.
yes, thank you so much! goodbye!
hello, i'm looking for a train departing from norwich on friday.
i'm looking for a train departing from norwich to cambridge on friday, i'm hoping to leave by 12:00.
could i have the price please?
i would like to find a lovely hotel to stay in cambridge that has free wifi, so i can watch netflix. can you help me with that as well?
i'd like a 4 star hotel but it doesn't matter which area it's in.
oh i'm sorry, i forgot i need to know what time my train will arrive in cambridge. can you please help me with that first?
yes, i'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting friday.
thank you. that will be all.
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food please.
how about modern european food?
that works just fine. book it for myself at 17:30 on tuesday if that's available.
do they have an opening at 16:30, by any chance?
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay at. i don't need free parking.
it doesn't matter, but i would prefer a 3 star one.
that one sounds perfect. can i get the address for the alpha-milton guesthouse please.
no that is great. thanks for all your help.
hello, i am trying to locate a restaurant that serves northern european food, and i would prefer a more elegant setting.
how about an expensive restaurant that serves british food?
it's all new to me. could you recommend one?
great. could you also help me find a cinema in the south of town?
cineworld sounds perfect. what's their postal code?
no, that'll be all. thank you for all of your help today.
can you get me information on a place called kymmoy?
can you book a table for 5 people at 18:45 on tuesday.
no that is it. thank you.
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.
i have no preference regarding the area.
are any of them 4 star guesthouses?
what's the postcode for your favorite of those guesthouses?
okay. can you also provide me with information on the cambridge and county folk museum? i would like their phone number, venue type and postcode.
the county folk museum. i need the phone number, venue type and postcode.
can you reserve tickets for me?
i am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, i am not worried if i pay to pay for parking.
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
could you check for something in the moderate price range?
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from leicester on tuesday?
i need to arrive by 08:15 in cambridge please.
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.
i already told you.
i would like to leave on tuesday, and depart from cambridge.
yeah. i need to book for 7 people.
i also need a place to stay, i'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.
i would like some information on the gonville hotel
excellent. could you book it for myself and my partner?
my companion and i will arrive on monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? we will need to book a train as well.
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to ely
yes, please. could you book that for five people as well?
thank you. that is all i need today.
we are planning to be in cambridge. we would like to go to a swimmingpool in the east. are there any available in the east?
could i get the phone number and what the entrance fee is please?
could you give me some information about a hotel called allenbell?
can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on monday for 7 people. please and thank you.
no, nothing else. thanks so much.
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town.
what is the phone number and price range
i would like the address please.
ok thank you. that's all for today then.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from broxbourne.
i need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on thursday
yes, i need 5 tickets please.
thanks! i'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the north.
yes, i would like to book it.
yes, for 5 people and for 2 nights please.
starting on thursday night please.
thank you i appreciate it.
can you check one more time?
it's about time, thanks. that is everything i need.
nope, that will be all for now, thanks!
one moment i need to located a hair salon near the hotel can you assist me?
that's fine i didn't actually need one. i don't need anything else. that's it. thanks and bye!
can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 09:00?
i am departing from norwich
i would like to travel on sunday.
cool, actually i need eight seats.
i need to book a 3 night stay starting on tuesday for 8 at the aylesbray lodge guest house. i need a reference number for it.
thank you that is all
hello i am looking for a guesthouse please.
i would like to stay in the west. i prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 3 star.
could i please get the postcode, and the address for this guesthouse?
great. i'll also need a train going to cambridge.
i'm departing from leicester. the train should leave on monday.
i would like the earliest train available please. can you tell me the train id and travel time please?
not right now, but i do need to know the fare for that train.
nope, i think that's it for today. have a nice one. goodbye.
looking for a place to eat in the city center.
i'd like to have some chinese food.
i am looking for a moderately priced place to eat, i am also looking to book a room in the bridge guest house hotel.
before i commit i have a few questions. what area is the hotel located in?
does it provide free parking?
ok, 2 questions. 1 - what are the moderately priced restaurants in the center of town; and 2 - how many stars does the bridge guest house have? thanks!
that was all the questions i had. thank you very much for helping me.
i'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the north part of town. do you have any suggestions?
any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the north. i'll need the address and entrance fee information as well, please.
great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you look for a 4 star hotel with free parking?
are any of them in the moderate price range?
how about guesthouses? any matches?
yes, i'll be coming in on wednesday with 5 people total. we'll be staying for 5 nights.
thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. i need to get there by 22:00
from the hotel to the attraction please
great, thanks! you've been a big help.
i only need a taxi.
i am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking
either is fine. i'd like a guesthouse.
yes please. which is the cheapest?
no. i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 3 nights and 8 people. i will also require a reference number.
can you please try a 2 day stay.
thank you. have a nice day.
i'm looking for cheap places to eat in the centre of the city.
not really. which is your favorite?
yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on wednesday. reference number please.
i would also like a place to stay. i would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the centre.
is there not a hotel?
how about a guesthouse with 0-star and cheap?
more information please. i'd just like the address and postcode for el shaddai.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. i'm really interested in a theatre.
could i get their phone number?
i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as mumford theatre.
do you have any in mind? it really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on friday please
great, i also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.
thank you. that will be all.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town.
how about a moderately priced russian restaurant? i don't care what part of town it's in.
how about chinese food?
i would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town.
what is the phone number?
which part of town it is in ?
thank you goodbye.
please help me find a train which will arrive in cambridge on monday.
i am travelling from kings lynn after 11:30
i want to book for 2 people.
yes, actually. can you tell me about city stop restaurant?
what area is it located in please?
ok, thank you!
no thanks i just needed to know the area, thank you for your help.
no, that is all i need help with. thank you very much!
i am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food?
i don't care. give me the address and phone number of one of them.
great! thank you
hi, i'd like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant.
how about north american food?
yes, i would like their phone number and postcode, please.
no, thank you for the information. goodbye.
hey there. i am trying to plan my trip for cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. it's called the sesame restaurant and bar.
i want to book a table for one for tuesday 12:00.
i need a train which goes to birmingham new street and should arrive by 09:00
i need to leave on wednesday and depart from cambridge.
um sorry but can we actually go back to the restaurant again really quick. did you even really book that for me? i never got a reference number from you...
that's it for now, thank you!
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food.
what are the address and postcode, please?
that's all, thanks!
i am planning a trip to cambridge, looking for a place to dine.
turkish is really good to me
i prefer the moderately priced. kindly book a table for 5 people for me for saturday by 18:00.
thanks, i'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday from birmingham new street.
i need to leave sunday from cambridge and travel to birmingham new street, arriving before 17:45.
no thank you, what time does the train leave cambridge?
how long is the journey between the two places?
yes, please make a booking.
i need five tickets.
great, thank you. is there a confirmation number?
thanks for all your help today. i think that's it.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?
please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant
that's all i need, thank you. goodbye!
i need a place with rated 4 stars in the east. can you help me find one that like a guesthouse?
yes please. i need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday. can i get a reference number?
thank you, that is it for today. goodbye.
can you help direct me a restaurant called golden house?
can you provide me reviews about this listing. is this a great hotel and what are the accommodations. does this place have good customer service
yes sorry i meant does the restaurant have any reviews? also i need help looking for a train leaving on saturday and arriving in kings lynn.
cambridge
just me, leave at 19:45. please tell me the arrival time and travel time
thank you
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. can you help me with that?
i'd like it to be in the east. a guesthouse would be great with a 4 star. also, i don't care about internet.
price range doesn't matter, can you find one with free wifi?
nope. any of them will be fine. i'll just need to know the address, price range, and postcode, please?
thanks. i'm also looking for a train to stevenage for tuesday.
i will be leaving from cambridge.
the train should leave at 10:45.
yes, please. i need tickets for 7 people.
great, thank you very much!
no that's it. thanks for everything! bye!
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay. can you help me?
moderately priced with a star of 3 will do.
i would like one in the north please
does it have free wifi? i will need the postcode if it does.
no, that's ok. may i have the post code for the hamilton?
i am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.
the boat sounds like something i'd enjoy. is there an entrance fee?
okay. well, thank you and goodbye! have a nice day.
i'm looking for some chinese food, any good places in town?
let's do expensive.
i was hoping to find something located in the center of town. are there any expensive chinese restaurants there?
this restaurant will be fine.
yes please, 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. can you help me with that?
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. can you help me with that?
does not matter but i do need free wifi and and a star of 0.
north b and b sounds nice. could you book this for me?
there will be four people.
i'll be arriving on saturday and staying 3 nights.
i also need a train. it should leave bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on saturday.
sounds perfect. please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. thanks
can we increase the amount of people to 8?
i think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.
nope. that's all. bye, thanks.
i'm looking for an attraction called gonville and caius college. will you help me?
thank you for that. can you give me the postcode and entrance fee?
yes, can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves british food?
i'd like it to be in the west.
i would like to try graffiti. can i get the address, postcode, and phone number?
thank you very much, that should be it.
thank you, you too!
hi, i'm trying to find a moderate turkish place to eat at. is there anything like that?
are either of those in the centre of town?
okay. can you book me a table for 4 at the anatolia?
i need it for saturday at 14:15.
i need a train departing from peterborough on the same day as the restaurant booking.
i want to arrive by 11:30. departure time doesn't matter, but i'd like to know what time.
i prefer the 10:19 train please. thank you.
thank you, have a nice day.
hi i need to find a restaurant in the centre part of cambridge that falls in the moderate price range, can you give me some suggestions please.
a reservation at any will do. please reserve a table for 3 at 19:15 on sunday.
i am looking for a place to stay in an expensive price range. i don't need any free parking.
i don't care about the area, i just want it to be a hotel type and not a guesthouse.
book the huntingdon marriott please.
arriving on saturday and departing on monday, please, for two adults. i'll also need the phone number, postcode, and internet availability with my confirmation number, please.
great, thanks a lot for your help!
i'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.
yes, is there any chinese in the area?
on second thought, i'd rather have mediterranean food. would you see if there's an expensive one in the centre area?
yes,table for 1 people at 12:15 on friday , thank you
also looking to visit a museum in the same area as the restaurant. could you give me the phone number and postcode of one please?
next, i will need a taxi to go from the museum to the restaurant so i can get there in time for lunch. is that possible?
thank you that's all the help i need today.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the north
50 to 75 dollars
i would like to move in on saturday and stay for 4 nights.
i also need to make sure it has free wifi and can accommodate two people.
how about starting on sunday?
thanks! may i have the reference number?
thank you very much.
can you help me find a hotel called city centre north b and b please?
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday
yes, are there any vietnamese restaurants in the north area of town?
how about a chinese restaurant instead?
could you reserve a table at hakka for me?
i would like to book a table for the same day at 17:15
just two please.
ok that is all i needed thank you!
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 10:30.
i am traveling to cambridge.
i am leaving on friday. what is the cost please?
yes, i need to find a place to stay.
i'd like a guesthouse that includes free parking.
i have no preference for the area, but i would like something that includes free wifi and is in the expensive price range, please.
could you check to see if there are any expensive hotels then?
i don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the gonville hotel plus the address and phone number.
wonderful. thank you for all your help.
i need a 2 star hotel with free parking.
it can be anywhere in town, but i'd like the hotel to be in the cheap price range if possible.
how about in the expensive price range?
i would prefer one with a rating of 2 stars.
yes, i would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from monday.
i would like to eat at a restaurant please.
i'm just looking for something that's in the same price range as the hotel
i would like a cuisine of asian oriental.
can i please get the address for saigon city?
thank you. i would also like to book a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant.
i'd like to leave the hotel by 6:45. once that is booked can you provide me with the phone number and car type?
can you book reservations for the restaurant at 7:30
2 people on a monday i think please.
no thank you
yes, i wasn't planning to book but since i have i suppose i'll take that number. that will be all for today - thank you for your help!
thank you for your help!
i am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in cambridge.
that sounds good!
i'd like to travel there myself, may i have the address?
i'm also looking for places to that are near the hotel
i forgot to ask, does the gonville hotel include free wifi and is it in the centre?
actually, i'm looking for an attraction in the area of the hotel.
can i get the address please?
can i get the precise address please?
no, that should be it. thanks!
i am looking for a place to dine that serves north american food located within the town centre.
can you tell me the postcode and phone number for gourmet burger kitchen?
yes i would also like to visit some colleges in the same part of town. is that possible?
could you give me the address for one of the free colleges?
yes. i'd like a taxi to pick me up at christ's college and take me to the restaurant. i'd like to leave the attraction by 19:00.
that is all i need for today. thanks for all your help!
i am looking for college attractions in the centre.
that is a wonderful suggestion. what is the address and may i have their phone number?
great! also i would like to find a place to eat. somewhere in the same area and expensive.
i don't care about the type of food. do you have a suggestion?
that sounds great. please book a table for 1 at 19:45 on monday.
nope, that's all i need today. thank you for your help - goodbye!
looking for a restaurant in the east side of town
yes expensive restaurant please
may i have the address and phone number please?
yes, i'd like the postcode too please.
that is all. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves lebanese food.
tell me the address and phone number of ali baba restaraunt.
thank you bye bye
i need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves indian food.
i think i'd like to eat on the west side.
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a table for 7?
this will be for 7 people at 19:15 on friday
yes, how about 18:15 on friday?
i would also like to find a guesthouse. i want something 2-star that has free parking and free wifi.
not really. i just need a 2 star guesthouse or 4 star hotel.
how about a guesthouse with a star of 4?
yes, i'd like it for the same number of people for 4 nights on the same day.
awesome! thanks. that's all i needed. have a good one. bye.
no, i'm all set. have a great day.
okay great, that's everything else i needed. goodnight!
i'd like to find a cheap restaurant in the center of town.
i'd like chinese, please.
just cheap, chinese and in the center of town.
i need a table for 8 at 13:15 on wednesday.
i'm also looking for a train.
it should depart from cambridge, arriving by 18:00 on thursday
i am looking to go to london kings cross.
sure. could you give me the train id and travel time?
no, that's all i need today. thank you.
i need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food.
how about chinese food?
yes, please, and the address and postcode also.
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
yes, i'd like to find one in the centre.
is curry garden expensive? if so, i want to make a reservation for sunday.
1 person and 12:15 on sunday or thursday. i also need a reference number
yes i already asked you to do it!! and send the reference number!
could you please try again? i really need that reservation. i'd prefer it for sunday but if they can't accommodate that time, thursday will suffice.
could you try again, just want something on thursday, at 12:15.
great. now i need somewhere to stay. i want an expensive place with 2 stars plus parking and wifi too.
yes, please, for 4 people, 4 nights. same day as the restaurant booking.
no thank you, you have been very helpful but please use you're and your in the right places.
i'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the south. anything available?
great, could you give me some more information about the location?
do you have any that are in the south?
are there any nightclubs?
yes, please. is there an entrance fee?
thank you! can you also find a chinese place to eat that is on the cheap side in the same area please?
how about chinese but in the cheapish price range?
no, i really need it in that area and i'm desperately craving chinese food. can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the south area?
wonderful, thanks. i need a table for 6 on friday. we'd like to eat tat 19:30.
can you try 18:30 for me?
yes, could get get me a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time?
the nightclub at 22 sidney street, the place, you said it was called.
sorry for the confusion. i have everything i need, you've been very helpful, thanks!
hi. i'm looking for a fancy restaurant that serves english food.
not really. how about a place that has mexican food?
can i have the area and address please not sure if i want to book it yet?
yes, are there any parks nearby that i can visit as well?
great, can i get the postcode?
no. that is all. thank you!
could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end?
are either of them cheap?
yes please. i need 3 nights starting on friday for 1.
okay great. that is all i need.
you do the same!
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating
yes in the north and it should be 4 stars and have free wifi please.
yes! i would like a booking please.
on second thought, i am not quite ready to book yet. could you send me their postcode, please?
thanks so much for your help!
that is all! thank you!
i am looking for a moderate price 3 star hotel. can you help with that please?
i'm looking to stay at a guesthouse please.
yes please. i need to book it for monday for 4 guests staying 2 nights.
can you try booking it for just one night? if that works i will need the reference number, too.
great! i am also looking to do something fun, what kind of entertainment is available in the south area?
sure, is it labelled as entertainment? i will just need the postcode.
no thank you. thank you for everything!
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.
i would actually like to book it for 6 people at 13:45 on sunday.
can you try to book for 6 at 12:45 instead? and if it is availabe, can i get a reference number for my booking?
could you tell me about a place to go in town, maybe a college?
there is not. can you give me the address for one of the colleges? also i would like to know which area it is in.
that sounds good. what's the address?
thank you. please tell me the area and address of christ's college.
great thank you for all your help, that's all i needed today.
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre.
no. i'm not looking for a particular price range.
i don't have a price range but i would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 18:45.
book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday.
thank you so much.
that's it, thank you!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
dont care but i would like the address and phone number
which part of town it is in ?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay in the north of town.
i'm looking for a moderately priced place in the north side of town.
yes, i'd like both free wifi and parking.
i already told you. moderately priced.
yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting monday.
i need a reservation for archway house, did you make it? i need the reference number, please.
do you know any other hotels that fit my criteria which you could contact at the moment?
do you have any other suggestions?
is there any attraction in town near where i am staying?
how much is the entrance fee?
i am also going to need a ride between the two places please.
archway house to milton country park by 15 00
thank you so much!
no, all my questions were answered. thank you much. goodbye.
i want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.
what price ranges are available for a 4 star hotel that includes free wifi and free parking?
i don't care which price range it is as long as it has free wifi and parking.
thanks, i will keep that one in mind when i am ready to book. i need to find a train also. from liverpool street on friday.
i need to get to cambridge by 09:15.
yes that will work thank you.
i need 5 tickets please. i'll also need the reference number.
thanks so much for your help today.
hi, i'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. i need a cheap place to stay and would like to try a guesthouse. any recommendations?
i would prefer to stay on the east side, with free parking available.
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting wednesday and i need a reference number
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel within the same price range as the hotel.
that sounds great! can i get a table for 4 at 13:15 wednesday?
that's all. thanks for the help!
i'm looking for an expensive hotel.
i would like to stay in the north please.
well, the area doesn't matter, as long as it offers free parking.
if it has free parking then i need a booking for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
no that will be all thank you so much.
i'm looking for a guest house with free parking.
i'd like it to be in the centre, 4 stars preferably.
no but i would like the post code please.
thank you. i'm also interested in finding a cheap italian place to eat.
yes, i need it to be located in the town centre.
no thank you. i'd prefer to book it myself. may i have the telephone number for the restaurant?
that is all i needed for today thanks for your help
no, thank you. i have all i need.
i love the centre of cambridge but i always spend too much, are there cheap places to eat there so i can stay within my budget?
restaurant should serve indian food is what i need
how about mahal and can you give their phone number and postcode?
great. i'm also looking for a train. i need to leave after 16:15 from london liverpool street.
i'll need it to be on tuesday. i'm going to cambridge.
make a booking for 1 people. make sure you get the reference number
thank you very much.
that is all, make it a great day!
hi, i'd like a listing for a mediterranean restaurant.
that sounds wonderful. can you help me book a table for 2 people at 18:00 on wednesday?
can i book a table for 17:00 instead?
can you help me find a train going to stevenage and leaving thursday instead?
i am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after 15:30 please
yes, please can i book for two people at 17:21?
i also need a train going to stevenage on thursday leaving cambridge after 15:30 for the same group of people.
i am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house.
i guess i just need the address.
that's all i needed. thank you!
nope, that's it! thanks for your help.
yes, i was wondering if you could assist me with finding a train for thursday.
i'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to cambridge. i need to get there by 19:30.
no, but could you give me the train id, departure time, and travel time of that train?
i am also looking for a hotel. i would like it to be a four star that includes wi-fi.
actually, i'd like the hotel to include free parking if possible, but it doesn't need to have free wifi. i'd like to stay on the north end of town.
is that in the north? it sounds like what i'm looking for if it's in that area.
yes, i need of for seven people starting today and lasting five nights.
thanks for you're help! that'll be all.
i'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food.
i've got my heart set on danish but we could go a bit more expensive, i guess.
how about asian oriental food?
yes, for 2 people at 17:00 on thursday.
thanks. that is all i need today.
can you help me find a hotel in the north part of cambridge?
does it have internet?
i would like to book the ashley hotel.
there will be 7 of us arriving sunday. we will be staying 3 nights.
yes i am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.
i will go with the nirala since i love indian food. please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on sunday.
yes, i want a taxi too. i'll need contact number and car type. it should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 11:00
thanks very much to you! i am done now. farewell!
i'd like more information about the ashley hotel, can you help?
that is what i am looking for. i need to book for 2 nights starting on wednesday. four people will be staying. please give a reference number.
yes. i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west side of the city.
yes. i would like to eat indian food.
please book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday.
yes, please provide the me the reference number for the reservation.
thanks, that was all i needed. have a nice day.
no problem. i'm glad i did.
i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood.
what is the phone number and price range?
that sounds great. thanks!
need a restaurant called the golden curry
yes please. there will 8 of us at 15:15 on monday.
i'm looking for a train as well to cambridge that will arrive by 12:15, is there anything available?
i would like to leave from birmingham new street.
same day as my golden curry reservation, please.
yes that is all i need, thank you.
i need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.
just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 0.
can you see if you find one with a start of 4?
yes, one person two nights from thursday.
what is the name of the hotel?
yes, i need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. i want to leave after 14:45
yes, i need one ticket please.
thank you, that is all i need.
i'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
yes please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
thank you. i also need a train on wednesday arriving by 17:00.
i would like to depart from kings lynn.
no, i just need to arrive by 17:00. on wednesday. please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number
awesome, thank you so much for your help! that will be all, goodbye.
can you help me find a restaurant located in the south area?
i would like chinese food, please.
book the expensive one a table for 4 people at 13:00 on monday
it doesn't matter. just book one for 4 people at 13:00 on monday. i need the reference number.
great! i also need a place to stay in the same area as that restaurant, and i need free parking.
i need it to include free wifi.
i just need the address please.
can you help me book a taxi to get between the two?
from the hotel to the restaurant, then back.
no that is all. thank you!
i'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.
no particular area but i need it to be cheap.
i'd prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.
yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting monday
how about booking it for 1 night instead.
yes i need a chinese place in the cheap range
can you reserve me a table that the lucky star on monday for 3 people at 13:15?
alright, that's all i need today, thanks!
i'm looking for an exciting place to go in the centre of town.
i'm actually looking for something that has great architecture.
the school is fine. what is the entrance fee and phone number?
a friend was raving about this restaurant called pizza hut. can you help me find it?
it doesn't matter. what is the food type and addresses?
actually, could you check if there is a pizza hut in fen ditton? if so, could i have the address and phone number?
thank you - that's all i need today.
i want to find a zero star rated hotel.
it should be in the cheap price range
i would prefer the centre please.
yes can you please book that?
sorry, i actually won't need it booked after all. i only want to know if they have free parking and also the phone number and address there please.
great, thank you so much! now i just need to find a place to eat.
let's look for a cheap place.
sounds fine. could you make a reservation for 4 at 11:45 on wednesday? i will need the reference number too
no thank you that will be all.
i am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. can you help me with this?
i'm looking for a proper hotel, please. if it had free wifi, well, i wouldn't complain about that either.
yes, i want to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. may i also have the reference number?
i would like to have the reference number for the room booking please.
yes. i want to check out a college in the centre.
that sounds great. can i get the address and postcode?
i would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at 06:15 going to the college.
actually, can i get the street address of downing college before we go?
what sort of moderately priced restaurants does cambridge offer? i'm only interested in restaurants located in the centre.
i am looking to eat at a steakhouse.
can you check for chinese? i haven't had chinese in awhile.
that would be just fine. can you make reservations for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday.
i am also looking for a train to cambridge
i'll be traveling from ely to cambridge on wednesday. i need to get to cambridge before noon.
yes thats perfect book that for the same group of people please.
thank you. that is all that i need.
thanks for all your help! goodbye!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves caribbean food.
spanish food
what is the address, phone number, and post code?
hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 18:45 monday?
i am leaving cambridge to go to london liverpool street.
no preference on arrival. as long as it leaves after 18:45.
i just need one ticket.
that's all i needed about the train i also need some information on a restaurant called the gandhi
uhm? do you have any info about the gandhi? i'd like the phone number, address, and area.
do you have the phone number of the restaurant? also, what area of town is it in?
yes could i also have their address?
that will be all, thank you very much.
hi. im looking for a train to ely that leaves after 14:30.
i need it to depart from cambridge.
i will leav on monday.
no, there is not a specific time. how much will i be out of pocket for this adventure?
also looking for a restaurant by the name of midsummer house. i need a reservation for 7 people at 10:15 on monday.
that's it! thank you for all your help!
no thank you, that's all the information i need.
does cambridge offer any expensive, singaporean cuisine?
how about indian food instead? i like indian food just as much.
no thanks, i just need the phone number and postcode, for now.
yes, can you help me find a hotel?
i actually need a train. for thursday.
i'm departing from cambridge and it should arrive at peterborough by 11:15.
yes, please book it for two!
thank you for the service, that's all i needed.
i am looking for a hotel on the west side of cambridge.
i would like a moderate rate please.
i would like to book a room at the hotel for 8 people for three nights please.
i'll be starting on thursday.
thank you. do you have information on city stop restaurant?
can you tell me their postcode?
thank you that's all i needed
i am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
i will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse that includes wifi.
that would be great thank you.
there will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on thursday and stay for 3 nights.
yes can you please?
i also need a train to bishops stortford on friday.
i'm departing from cambridge and want to leave after 17:45.
no thanks. i just needed the information. thanks. bye.
yes i would like to find spanish food in the center of town.
let's go with the cheap one. i'll need a table for 7 on sunday at 12:15 please.
can you try on saturday, 7 people, at 12:15
no, that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i am looking for a train going to cambridge.
yes, that is perfect.
yes, please. two tickets.
thanks. a friend told me about a restaurant called the rice boat. do you know it?
yes please, 2 people at 20:30 on sunday. can i also get a reference number?
nope, that takes care of everything. thank you!
i am looking for a persian restaurant with expensive price range food.
oh, how disappointing. there are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town?
is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?
i've heard good things about clowns cafe. do you have the address?
do you know of any nightclubs in the area?
all of those sound great. can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?
thanks. now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to ballare? i want to leave after 18:30. i'll need car type and contact number too.
thanks for that! can you double check when the car is picking me up? i think i misspoke - i'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.
that is all i needed. thanks for all your help!
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
may i please have the address and phone number of one that you recommend?
i am also looking for a place to stay in a cheap price range. do you have any suggestions?
i would like to stay in the north area, please. i need free parking also.
is it in the moderate price range
please book worth house for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on sunday.
nope, that's all i need.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i am looking for a place to stay in the north while i'm there.
i would prefer a hotel that is nice but in the cheaper price range.
sure, could you give me their name and postcode?
yes, please book it for me.
i do not need to book it. i need a train to depart from leicester.
i'll be traveling on thursday.
i need to leave for cambridge after 13:45. don't let me forget to back track and check on another place to stay please.
before you book it, i need the price and i need the approximate travel time.
yes book 2 seats please and i'll need the train id. also book the worth house guesthouse for 3 people and 4 nights. and give me the reference number please.
no thank you that will be all
thank you so much!
hi i'm looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi.
i would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an expensive hotel.
yes please for this weekend.thank you.
there will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from tuesday.
yes, as long as the hotel is in the expensive price range, please try booking it.
thank you. that's everything i need.
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town.
what is the postcode?
what is the address, phone number, and type of food?
great, thank you!
no thank you. goodbye!
you too!
i am looking for colleges to visit in town while i am visiting. can you help me with that?
i would welcome a recommendation from you. please provide me with their entrance fee.
can you give me the address for that college?
i am also looking for a particular restaurant,the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
what type of cuisine is it? can i also get a price and phone number?
nope that's it thanks
are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?
sure. are there any colleges in the centre?
sure, i would like the largest college available
thank you. can you also find a turkish restaurant that is moderately priced?
is one of them in the centre area. i would like one close to the college.
we'll try efes, could you book me a table for 2 on thursday at 11:15? i'll need the reference number also.
no that is it thank you.
i want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre
can you help me find a hotel in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?
try a guesthouse please.
is it cheap? i don't have much money. and do they have free wifi?
just information for now, can you please give me the address?
that is all i needed. thank you!
i wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.
actually, i think that what i really want is a hotel that is in the same area as a swimming pool. are there any public swimming pools in town?
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the north
i also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the north and include free wifi.
yes, i'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. oh, and book it for 7 people!
can you see if they have anything for 2 nights?
no, that should be all. thank you for your help! goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.
is there any korean food?
no, i need something moderate priced in the south. is there one that serves modern european food?
no but i would like their phone number, address and postcode.
i am also looking for a place to go. can you recommend a theatre?
area doesn't really matter. are there a lot of theatre options in town?
that sounds great! could you please give me the phone number?
i think that's it. thank you!
great, thank you for the help.
hello, i'm looking for a hotel in the north, and i'd like the more expensive range please.
i'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.
yes, please check one in the moderate range.
honestly, i would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced.
that would be fine. could you also find out some information about the india house restaurant?
thanks. could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on thursday?
how about 15:30?
yes, actually. i'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.
that's all i needed. thank you.
i need a train going to cambridge that'll leave after 12:15.
trusday, i need to leave by the london liverpool street station.
yes. also, what will be the arrival time? and, what is the train id? thanks so much!
i am, also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the north and should be in the moderate price range
i'd prefer a guesthouse. a 4 star one, if possible.
do any have both free parking and internet? if so, i'll need their phone number.
can i have their phone number, please?
no, that is all i need. thank you!
yes thanks, that will be all.
hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? someplace with british food?
what price range is that restaurant?
no that won't be necessary, could you just give me the address and postcode please?
great, that's all for now. thanks!
i need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant.
how about an italian restaurant, then?
any would be fine.
that sounds good to me. can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on saturday?
i also will need a train.
i will depart from birmingham new street.
i'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge. i need to arrive by 09:30.
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.
awesome! you were a huge help. thanks.
i need some tacos! can you help me find a mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?
thank you very much for the information!
yes, i'm also looking for a train leaving cambridge after 20:30.
peterborough and i need to leave on saturday after 20:30
book it for 4 people, yes. i need the reference number too.
no that is it thank you.
i want to have some afghan food.
is there any chinese restaurants in the area?
moderate price range
i don't care
please give me their number, too.
what type of food do they serve ?
no thank you, goodbye.
can you find me a train leaving from london liverpool street?
i'd like to leave cambridge after 18:15 on wednesday.
that is fine.
yes, please. i'll be needing tickets for 3 people.
i also need the reference number.
there is a restaurant called eraina, i would like to book a table for 3 at 21:00?
for wednesday, please.
how about 20:00?
no, that's all. thank you very much.
can you help me find a cheap african restaurant in the centre?
yes can you check for italian please?
sorry, i'm actually looking for moroccan food.
how about portuguese?
yes can you book a table for four please at 17:00?
what is the reference number for that reservation?
i apologize, i need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 15:45 on friday. can you reschedule?
i could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the centre of town.
i'd like to stay around the restaurant.
cheap price please.
i don't need a hotel. i'd just like a recommendation for a nightclub near the restaurant.
do you know what the entrance fee is?
great that is everything, i apologize for being so high maintenance, thanks for the help.
hi, i need to find a hotel to stay at. it doesn't need to have wifi.
it needs to be a hotel and include free parking.
no but should include free parking
yes please, i need 3 people for 3 nights starting saturday
that's all i need today, thank you.
hello, i'm seeking a cheap restaurant.
i would like mediterranean food.
great can i get the postcode and address?
thank you, that's all i need today.
i am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating.
yes can you find guesthouses meeting that criteria?
can you locate a cottage that offers what i am looking for.
could you please try guesthouse, with free parking and a 4 star then?
could find one in a moderate or cheap price range?
yes go ahead and try that please.
for 8 people. starting from sunday for 4 nights, please.
yes, please. in the same price range, if possible.
yes please try to book that for me thank you.
nope, that's all for me. thanks for your help. goodbye!
hi, what kind of attractions are there in the east?
what would you recommend?
is there a guesthouse nearby that is rated at least 4/5?
that sounds like what i'm looking for. is it a guesthouse?
yes, i will need accommodations for 7 people, for 5 nights. we want to check in thursday.
please try for two nights then at minimum from thursday evening on. we need a guesthouse for 7 people, and i will need the reference number when booked. thanks!
now i will need to find a hotel for the remainder of my visit. can you help with that?
never mind. that will be all.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre
first, what is the address please?
thanks, what's the price range and phone number?
thanks for your help
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the west part of town
i want the cheap one please
yes, please. i'd like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on saturday.
thank you for all your help. have a great day.
i need help finding a book on italian food
i'm looking for parks in cambridge can you help me?
no, area doesn't matter. what park would you recommend?
no just the postcode please.
thanks. could you help me find and expensive indian restaurant perhaps?
book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on wednesday
thank you that is all i need for now.
i am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking.
which ones have free parking and wifi?
yes. book whatever is available.
there will be 7 people.
we are arriving on tuesday and want to stay 2 nights.
yes. i have heard great things about that guest house.
no, that's all i needed today. thank you!
is there a train from cambridge that arrives by 13:45?
i will be travelling on friday and want to arrive at stansted airport by 13:34.
no, as long as it arrives before 13:45 on friday, it's fine.
no thank you but i do need to know the price.
can you help me find a place to stay in the south?
i would prefer 3 stars.
i'll take the hotel. please book for 2 people starting on monday for 4 nights.
thank you for your time that is all i needed today.
hi, i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range.
yes, can we try a moderate price range.
hmm, how about italian? expensive.
nope! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at 12:30 on tuesday, please.
awesome. thanks for your assistance, that's all i need.
i'm looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.
yes i would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15.
can you find me another place in the same area and price range?
that is all thank you.
can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in cambridge?
i need it to include free wifi please.
no matter. could you make a recommendation? i will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting sunday.
yes, i'm looking for an expensive chinese restaurant.
no, but i need the address.
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to leave the hotel by 19:00.
no thanks, have a good day.
no am ok, thanks
thank you, that was all i needed.
thank you. you've been a big help. good-bye.
know any good bites around here?
i would like to dine in the south, preferably chinese and expensive.
can i just get the address for the peking restaurant?
nope, that'll do it. i'm going to go eat! thanks for your help!
i am traveling to cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente.
lets try rice house.
actually can you check for a place that serves vietnamese food?
no problem. how about indian food?
please book for 8 people. friday at 18:45. reference number, please.
i also need a train to bishop's stortford.
yes, i would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on saturday.
yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?
i would like to book the train arriving at 8:07 for 8 people. can you do that? i will need the reference number.
yes that would work, please book for my party.
thank you so much, that should be it!
i'm interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night.
the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.
is it a 4 star place?
sure, please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from saturday.
thank you for your help.
no, i am done for the day. thanks again. bye!
hi, i am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when i get into town.
no particular area but i would like to go swimming. are there any swimming pools?
that sounds nice. what area is that pool in?
perfect. i am also looking for a hotel in the south side.
no, but i want something 4-star that offers free wifi.
i do not want to book yet, just gathering information. what is the postcode?
yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool?
i need to leave the hotel by 6:00, need the contact # and car type please
thank you, that was quick. that is all i need, thanks for your help.
i need a place in the centre that serves african food.
what is the price range?
no thanks what is their postcode though?
yes, i am also looking for a museum in the same area as the restaurant.
thanks for the good suggestion. what is the postcode for primavera?
no, that's everything i needed.
could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?
i am interested in an expensive restaurant. see what's available, and maybe i can choose from there.
italian would be great. i also need a train to cambridge that arrives on tuesday by 15:30.
any expensive restaurant will suffice. reserve it for 8 people at 18:30 on tuesday and i'll need the reservation number please.
i also need a train to cambridge departing from stevenage.
i'll be traveling tuesday, and need it booked for 8. could i also get the reference number for that as well?
anytime would be great, i'd like to book it for the same number of people as my restaurant.
reference number is iayfj8si, that will be all
i need an expensive place to stay.
please look in the centre of town.
i don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.
yes can you please book four nights starting thursday
i will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.
actually i changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people
yes, i need the postcode for bangkok city restaurant please.
no, thanks, but i will be needing a taxi.
nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. i should leave by 2:15.
thank you so much. that's all i need today.
hello, i am looking for a guest house.
i need one in cambridge and i would like a 4 star rating.
i need a place with free parking.
i have no particular preference on price range.
that doesn't matter. i just need the price range, address, and postcode. you pick the type.
thanks. could you tell me what kind of food the peking restaurant serves?
thank you for your help. that's all i need for now!
thank you, goodnight.
where can i find a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food?
i would prefer the centre of town.
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 18:45
thank you. i need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street leaving on tuesday and i need it to arrive by 12:45.
that sounds perfect. could you book it for the same group of people, please?
you are great thanks !
that is everything that i need.
is there a latin american restaurant in the center?
sure, what else is there?
how about latin american food?
why don't we try for lebanese food instead
yes, please. there will be 3 of us for tuesday at 13:30.
of course i'll need that.
that is it. thanks
i need a train from leicester that leaves after 14:30.
does that train leave on wednesday and go to cambridge?
what time will it arrive? how many minutes does it take to get there? can you tell me the price?
can you tell me what the total travel time is for the entire ride?
i'm also looking for a expensive indian restaurant.
i would like it in the west please.
no, just pick one and book it and provide me with the reference number please.
just a table for 1 at 18:45 on wednesday please
that's great you've been a big help.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please.
i think chinese sounds good, are there any of those in the centre?
yes please, book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on thursday
i am also trying to find places to go for entertainment. can you please help me?
could you give me the area, address, and entrance fee fo the funky fun house?
i'm actually all set now, thanks so much! take care now!
i can't find a restaurant i am looking for.
the good luck chinese takeaway.
yes please. book a table for my party of 8 for 12:45 on monday.
yes, i am also looking for a hotel named kirkwood house.
yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from monday please.
i also need a taxi between the two places.
i want to arrive in time for my lunch reservation.
no, that's all i needed. thank you for your help, it's much appreciated!
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge on sunday that leaves after 18:15.
i'm trying to get to london kings cross.
i don't have an arrival preference but i want to leave after 18:15.
yes, please reserve 3 seats for us on that train, thanks.
i would like to dine at an expensive restaurant.
i would like indian food please.
yes, i would like the east area please.
yes go ahead an book it. could i get the reference number please?
there will be three of us dining on sunday at 12:15.
thank you for your help. thats all i need today.
i am looking for a cheap local restaurant located in the centre of town
i am looking for one that serves spanish food
would you please book a table for 4 people at 15:30 on saturday?
yes, i am also looking for a college to visit in the center of town.
i don't care, but could you make me a suggestion but tell me the entrance fee along with their address and postcode?
thank you for your help.
no, thank you very much for this!
i need to find a train that leaves peterborough on friday.
i'll be heading to cambridge and i'd like to leave at or a little after 09:00, if possible.
i need 4 tickets. what is the reference number?
i'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called graffiti.
no thanks, i just need the address please.
i am looking for the address for graffiti
no, that will be all. thank you!
i am looking for some attractions in downtown cambridge/
what types of attractions are there?
what about a museum in the centre of town?
i'd also like a guesthouse with 0 stars. i don't need wifi or parking but should be in same area as attraction. can you help with that?
yes, that sounds great. thank you.
i need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday. is this possible?
great, thanks so much for all your help. have a good day!
i'm coming to cambridge to visit, and i'd like to try some chinese food in the centre. can you help me, please?
i would like a restaurant in the moderate price range.
i don't need a reservation right now, but if you could give me the phone number, postcode, and address, that would be great.
i am interested in some attractions in the centre as well. what is there?
can you recommend a theatre?
sure. what is the postcode?
yes, could you help me book a taxi from jinling noodle bar to adc please? i would like it to arrive at the restaurant by 10:45.
great, that is everything i needed. thanks!
sure. no problem. bye now.
i want to board a train on thursday. can you help me with that?
i am travelling to cambridge and it should depart from london kings cross.
i need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.
please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.
i am also looking for a guesthouse.
i definitely need free parking also, please.
i want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced
no, not right now but do you have their address handy?
no thank you. i appreciate all you have done to help me.
of course i will. thank you also.
hi, i'm looking for upscale hotels in the north part of cambridge. are there any that also include free parking?
does it include free wifi?
can you book it for 6 people staying 5 nights starting on saturday? i'll need the reference number as well.
thanks!
yes. can you also tell me if there is a park in the north by the hotel?
great! may i have the address and phone number?
no, i think that's everything. thanks for the info.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west in the expensive range.
i don't really have a preference. i think i'd like to try something new.
yes, could you book a table for 1 at 11:30 on thursday?
im looking also for a place to go still in the west
how about a museum? what kind are there?
what is the postcode?
no that is it. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.
as cheap as possible
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 14:15, and i need the reference number
i'm also looking for a train that leaves london kings cross on saturday and arrives in cambridge by 09:45.
would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?
thanks, that's all i needed today!
i am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by 16:45.
i would like to go to cambridge on thursday
it doesn't matter what time i leave as long as i'm there by 16:45.
yes, please make me a reservation for two people on tr3240 arriving at 15:52.
i'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the north.
choose your favorite. i do need an address and post code, please.
the hotpot sounds great! can you please make a reservation for friday for 2 people at 8 pm?
yes please, thank you for your help. the reference number will come in handy.
alright, thank you, i think that will be all for today.
again, thanks for all of your help today. good bye.
i need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood.
thank you, goodbye.
hi there. i was wondering if you could provide some information on the bridge guest house hotel.
sounds good. could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting sunday? there will be six of us.
is it available on monday?
would 3 nights starting sunday work?
thank you. i also need a train from cambridge on wednesday.
i need to arrive in stevenage by 09:45 on wednesday
i would like the one that arrives at 8:10. could you book it for 6 people?
nothing else. thank you for your help
i need a restaurant in cambridge that has international food and a moderate price range please.
yes please make me a reservation at the bloomsbury for 2 people at 19:30 on thursday.
how about 18:30 instead? does that work?
i am also looking for a place to stay. are there any 5 star hotels that include free parking?
yes please, but it definitely needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
yes, that would be great. i also need the reference number for the bloomsbury booking please.
thank you so much.
i would like to book the huntingdon marriott on thursday for 5 nights for the same 2 people. if it is not available, please book another one.
do they have a booking for one day?
i'm also in need of a taxi to commute between the locations, can you find me one?
i'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. i need to be at the restaurant at 18:30.
no, thank you for your help.
can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?
i would like to eat at an indian restaurant please.
yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on thursday.
no, that's it for today. thank you for all your help. good bye.
i need a place to grab a bite to eat today in cambridge.
i would like a "chinese bite".
yes, i am looking for expensive chinese food in the south.
can you book me a table at the peking restaurant for 4 people at 11:30 on friday.
i'm also interested in visiting sidney sussex college.
no, that is all i needed to know. thank you.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant. can you help?
i don't have a preference. just need it to be cheap and in the south.
please get me their address.
yes, i need a place to stay, a guesthouse please.
i'm looking for something in cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary.
is bridge guest house in the south? if so, i will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.
what is the star of that hotel? the address, including area of town too.
great, thanks. can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?
thanks! i don't care, i just want to leave at 06:45, please.
thanks that's all i need.
thanks again, goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant in centre.
i am really in the mood for italian food tonight. something expensive!
yes. what is the address and phone number of that place?
not at this time. i also need a train going from cambridge to kings lynn.
i don't have a preference on what time to leave, however, i do need to be there by 08:00.
i'll be leaving on monday.
that would be excellent. could you also give me the travel time once you book it for me?
actually, i think i will book it later. thanks though. goodbye.
i'm looking for a certain hotel called the cityroomz. can you tell me more about it?
yes thanks. there will be 2 of us arriving for 5 nights on sunday.
i need the reference number please.
yes i need to find a restaurant serving irish food in the center of town that is expensive.
aww, that's a bummer. i was really wanting irish food. how about indian food? i could go for some good curry.
that sounds great. can you book a table for 2 sunday at 15:00?
i also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. i need it to arrive by the booking time.
yes, thank you, that will be all.
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on friday after 10:00.
i want to leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge.
that will work great. could you please make a booking for seven people?
yes, i need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.
hi i am looking for a hotel called limehouse.
can i book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?
yes, would you try to book it for three nights?
thank you. can you book us a train that gets there by 13:15?
i am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.
that's okay i guess, but is there any later train? we're not early birds.
that's much better, thank you. i'll need tickets for 7.
thank you so much. i think that did it for today. have a great one!
a cheap jamaican restaurant, please. if you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place?
thank you
could you tell me if cambridge has any expensive austrian restaurants?
are you sure there's no expensive austrian food in the north? it's what i'm really set on.
could you look for something chinese with the same criteria?
that sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 12:00 on thursday, please?
i am also looking for a boat in the north of town.
please tell me the postcode
that is all. thank you for your help.
i'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town. ask for address, phone number and type of food.
thank you goodbye
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address?
thank you. goodbye.
i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while i am visiting.
yeah, i'd like to stay in the centre of town.
thank you! i don't care what kind of cuisine they serve.
sure could i get the phone number to jinling noodle bar?
i am also looking for places to go in town.
an entertainment venue, i think. near the restaurant, if possible.
no, let's try a college instead. what do you recommend?
thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at 14:45.
okay, great. thank you for your help!
uh, you already did. that was all i needed today. goodbye.
i am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. can you help me?
yes. i would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 11:15 please. and i'll need a reference number.
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange.
yes, i'm just curious of the entrance fee.
i also need a taxi between the two places, i need to arrive by at the restaurant 11:15.
no, that's all. thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a hotel room. can you help me find one?
i would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
the area does not matter.
yes. book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
yes, i would like to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport please.
i will be travelling on wednesday.
i'd like to arrive by 14:15 and would like to book on the same day as the hotel booking, please.
yes, please. i need 7 tickets.
thank you. that is all that i need.
i am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast.
yes i am, i need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
is there anything open for just 1 night?
great, that's all i need today. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the north please
i would prefer the indian restaurant please.
yes. can you book for 8 people at 19:15 on monday?
i also need to get a train.
i want the train from birmingham new street to arrive in cambridge by 09:30. i plan to travel on monday. please provide me with the travel time for this trip
get the earliest one, please.
yes i would like to book, for 8 people.
thank you for all of your help!
i want to find a hotel located in the west please.
yes please. i would like for it to include free wifi.
i want the most expensive one.
yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting saturday.
yes. i am looking to go to london kings cross on thursday via train. is this something you can assist with?
i will be departing from cabridge.
i need the train to leave after 16:45.
sure. what is the cost and what time will it arrive?
thankyou so much
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
well i'm really looking for that expensive guesthouse type. how about something in the north with free parking included?
how about something in the moderate price range?
sure, please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on thursday.
can we make it 1 night then?
thank you for assisting me with that. i won't need anything else today.
i am looking for information on places to stay in cambridge.
i need free parking, free wifi, and something moderately priced, please.
can you find a guesthouse for me?
no preference i also need a train leaving on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.
birmingham new street
i would like to leave after 10:45 to birmingham new street.
yes,please book this trip!
yes, i'm traveling alone, so just one ticket. don't forget to find me a guesthouse to stay in, as well!
can i get the price and travel time for the train?
i still need the price and travel time for train tr2694. for the guesthouse, i need the address and number of stars for a moderate guesthouse with wifi and parking.
i was still needing the address and number of stars for a moderately priced guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
that works! please book it!
how many stars is acorn guesthouse, and what is its address?
no, don't book it. can you look for a train that leaves cambridge on wednesday?
that sounds good. what is the train id number? i also need the price and travel time.
thanks, that's all i need today. goodbye!
i will be in the centre of cambridge. i am looking for any type of attraction involving architecture.
can you give me the postcode for that?
i need a place to stay.
i need something in the south and free parking.
can you tell me what their star rating is?
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting wednesday.
how about just 2 nights instead?
thats it, thanks!
yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?
i want to stay in cambridge and i need a cheap hotel.
i prefer a hotel. preferably one with free parking.
i would like to be in the center.
after rethinking some things, i actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre. i'd still like free parking as well. are any available?
i need some help choosing a train from cambridge to london king's cross.
i need to leave on wednesday sometime after 16:30.
yes please make a booking for 3 people.
that's lovely. we also require lodging. could you help find a guesthouse with free parking?
it doesn't matter, we will also need wifi, and will be staying for 2 nights, starting on monday.
that sounds great. can you go ahead and book it for me?
thanks so much! i'm all finished now, goodbye!
i'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?
i'm a sophisticated man. i will only consider expensive guesthouses.
i would like to make sure it has free wifi.
yes can you please?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.
we need a place to go in town. can you help?
i'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.
sounds great. i'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.
yes, can you help me book a taxi?
yes, i want to depart cherry hinton hall and grounds by 16:00. i will be going to the hotel.
you just reserved the gonville hotel for me. that's where i'd like to go.
no thank you that will be all.
thank you. goodbye.
hi there! i'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.
i think a museums might be nice. can you recommend one to me?
can you still just recommend one please??
yes, i'm looking to book the hotel el shadai starting on thursday for 8 people and 4 nights.
no. i think that's all. good day. bye.
can you help me find a place to go in the east?
is there a museum i could go to on that side of town? if so, please provide phone number, address, and postcode.
what do you recommend?
i'm also looking for a place to eat. i don't mind where, but i want an expensive chinese place.
a recommendation would be fine. can i get the area they're in and post code?
i'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 2:30
thank you. that's all i needed.
hi, this is a two-fer. i need to find a hotel that offers both free wifi and free parking
yes, it needs to be cheap with 0 stars!
what type of hotels are they?
which one do you suggest?
ok great. what is the postcode and what area is it in?
i am also looking for a particular restaurant.
yes, it's called graffiti.
i want to know the food type and area
thank you! that is all i need!
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves persian food.
how about a restaurant that serves european food?
the area doesn't matter.
yes please. and the address as well.
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced.
it doesn't really matter, i'm not familiar with the town. i just need free wifi and free parking.
that's what i need. will you book acorn guest house for me starting wednesday for 7 people, please.
can you try again, please? i never told you how many nights we need. we'd like to arrive wednesday and stay for 5 nights. we're a party of 7.
yes, i need a train to get me to cambridge. i'm coming from broxbourne.
i'd like to arrive by 14:15.
how long will i be on the train?
yes, so to clarify, what time will that train be departing?
no, thank you. the information was all i needed for today.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant for us to eat at. some place nice.
i was thinking of having caribbean food
how about indian. yummy !
sure! i need a table for just me on tuesday at 16:45, please.
i'm also looking for places to go in the city centre.
it should be in the same area as the restaurant.
lets pay, this trip is a business write off, so money is no object, ill take the 2 pound entrance fee.
that sounds good. can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
no, thank you. i think i have everything i need at this time.
i need a place to eat that serves north indian food.
no thank you. can you please search for japanese food instead?
i wish to book a table for 5 people at 16:15 on teusday
great. i also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.
i need a train from cambridge by no later then 10:45 for five people please. may i have the confirmation number for that please?
great, thank you so much for your help. goodbye!
are there any guest houses currently available iin the moderately priced range?
yes i would like to be in the north with the same requirements, thank you
it really doesn't matter but i'll need to know if the particular hotel has free parking and internet please.
i will hold off on the booking for now but thank you. i am also looking for a particular restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. can you give me details?
can you book a table for four on thursday at 16:00?
thank you for all your help.
are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi, or do you have to go to other parts of town for that?
the hotel should include free wifi
the hotel should have a star of 3 and doesn't need to have free parking.
perfect. what's the price range and postcode?
thank you, that will be all. good bye.
hello, i'd like some information about a hotel called the hamilton lodge, please.
not today i was just looking for information. thank you though for your help.
i am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge anytime after 17:00. can you help me with that?
i need the train to leave cambridge after 17:00 on wednesday heading to kings lynn.
what is the cost and trainid for the 17:11 train?
no thank you, i'll take care of it myself. i think that'll be all for tonight.
i want information about sesame restaurant and bar.
thanks. that's what i needed.
yes, i'd like to find a theatre near centre, too.
can i also get their phone number and postcode?
need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, i want to leave the restaurant by 06:15
no thank you. that is all that i needed.
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking.
no, but i would like a 4-star guesthouse.
that sounds good. yes, please book it for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
3 people only.
that is all. thank you for your help.
i need a restaurant in the town's centre
yes i am looking for one that serves molecular gastronomy.
how about any italian restaurants in the same area?
show me the one you think is best. i will need the postcode, phone number and price range for it.
i also need a place to stay in the centre, free parking as well.
i would like a cheap option please.
possibly, do they have free wifi?
great, i would like a reservation for 1, 3 nights starting from wednesday. if that fails, then friday and the reference number.
thank you! have a great day!
thank for calling.
no. the restaurant and lodging are all. thank you, again. goodbye.
i am looking for a place that has multiple sports in the centre of town. do you have any suggestions?
how about a college in the centre of town?
that sounds good, i need the address, phone number and postcode.
great, that's helpful, thanks. can you also help us find a hotel? we'd like to stay on the west side, and we really dislike guesthouses. what can you recommend?
i would prefer the cheaper one. can you tell me if they offer free parking?
i'm not quite sure yet, could i get the address there please?
yes, i need you to go ahead and book that for me. i would like to stay for two nights starting on sunday.
actually, just send me the address. thank you.
no, thank you. that is everything i needed.
i need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
than you.
i need a train leaving from kings lynn on tuesday.
i am going to cambridge.
get me on one that leaves after 14:30
book for 3 people. also find me a restaurant in the central that serves traditional food
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves traditional food.
i would like a mexican food restaurant nearby also.
i like italian also. are there any in that area?
no. i don't. can i book a table for the same 3 people at 18:45?
how about italian food?
tuesday, 3 people, 18:45pm, italian, not mexican, please book and give me a name and confirmation number.
great! thanks for all your help!
that's all i needed today. thank you! bye!
please fid me a place to go in the centre
i would like to visit a nightclub in the centre. can you provide me with entrance fee info and postcode?
perfect, thank you. i'm also looking for information on hotels in the centre that have free wifi. could you recommend one?
any will do. whichever one you recommend.
as long as this is a hotel, it sounds great. can you give me the address?
yes. if you read the conversation above, you'll notice my second request was for a hotel. i'd like one in the same area of the nightclub.
i just need their address please.
thanks, i also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the club.
i want to leave the club by 02:15.
that is all i will be needing today. thanks.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town
how about chinese food?
that sounds great! can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 16:00 on monday?
great. i also need to find a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and i am looking for a hotel.
yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the centre.
great, we need that booked as well starting monday for 5 nights.
yes, i need a booking for 3 people.
i also need a taxi.
no you have been great! thank you for all your help.
hi, i am looking for some museums that i could visit when in town, could you help me find some?
no, i don't care.
i also need a place to stay
the attraction should be in the type of museum. i don't care about the price range or the area
that museum from earlier is fine, i just need their postalcode. i need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.
do they have internet?
no thanks. i will do that later. can you please arrange for taxi service from cafe jello to hobson's house sometime after 04:00?
well that you that is all i need for today
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.
how about the italian one? book for 1 people at 13:00 on saturday. reference number please?
thanks so much. i also need info on magdalene college
may i have their postcode as well?
yes, i also need a taxi between the two places.
i would like to arrive by 5:30, if that would be possible.
no thank you so much for all of your help
i want something cheap in the west part of town.
i don't care.
i would like the phone number and address for la margherita please.
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. do you have any information on this attraction?
yes please if you do not mind.
i am also looking for a hotel called leverton house. do you have any information on it?
yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on tuesday. there will be 5 of us staying there.
that's all i needed. thank you!
i want information on a particular hotel called home from home. can you send me what you have on that?
please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
i am also looking for a train. can you help me?
we are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn. arrival time should be around 09:00. please book 6 seats.
okay thank you! what is the travel time on that?
no, friday works for me.
no thanks that is all i need.
i'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. do you have any recommendations?
i think modern european sounds good. can you book me a table for 7 people at 19:45 on a friday?
can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. i need a table for 7 friday at 19:45.
would you check the moderately priced italian restaurant in the south please?
could i please get the reference number for the booking?
yes, i'm also looking for some interesting architecture in town.
that sounds interesting, im also looking for a restaurant
yes, a taxi please! i need to get from the church to the restaurant by 19:45. gotta make sure i get there for that reservation!
thank you so much!
would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, halal restaurant?
how about british food?
i don't care about the location. which one would you recommend?
yes please book me a table thank you
i need a table for 1 on tuesday at 14:45.
are there any good architecture places in the west?
how about a museum?
i'd like the phone number and address, please.
no thanks
i'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. can you help me with this?
what is the entrance fee for the school?
could i also get the phone number for the school?
can i get the post code too please?
ok, i'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. maybe carribean?
hmmm how about italian then
i just want a cheap italian place. choose one you recommend for me. then i need help reserving it.
6 on thursday at 16:45 please
i will also need a taxi.
old schools to the restaurant.
i would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 16:45 reservation.
thank you for your help today, i do not need anything else.
i don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the la tasca restaurant?
great! will you please book that for 2 people at 17:30 on sunday?
thank you for helping
i need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. preferably in the guesthouse category
does that include wifi? i don't want it to be too expensive.
i would like to book the acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting sunday.
i also need a taxi from my room to the restaurants by the time of my reservation.
no that was everything, thank you!
can i get some information on a train?
i am departing from cambridge and going to leicester on monday. i want to leave after 16:30.
no thank you. i would like the price, train id and travel time please.
perfect. thanks for that info. now please find me a restaurant that serves crossover food in the centre
how about one that serves chinese food?
ok, what's the phone number for ugly duckling?
i would like the address please.
what is the postcode for that address, please?
thank you for all your research--you saved me time. great service. goodbye.
i'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
i would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.
yes, that would be fine. what are the names of the two guesthouses?
what star ratings are they?
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves korean food. i would like the address and area, please.
thank you.
thank you, goodbye.
i need a sunday train. leaving after 8
i'm leaving from cambridge to birmingham new street
yes, for 7 people. reference number please.
can you also look up the alexander bed and breakfast for me?
no thanks. i may be back in touch though!
i'm looking for a park.
could i get the address and phone number for one please?
i'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 0 stars.
i prefer something in the cheap price range.
let me think about it.
i'm looking for a restaurant called little seoul?
can you book it for me for 7 people at 11:15 on saturday and get a reference number ?
thank you! i'm also looking for information on a hotel called huntington marriott hotel please.
yes i need it booked for our group for 3 nights.
we'll be coming in on saturday and will be staying for three nights.
that is all i need. goodbye.
i'm coming to visit cambridge! i can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! do you have any mediterranean restaurants around there?
yes, expensive. the food should serve eritrean food. british if that's not available.
yes, book the shiraz for one at 11:00 on monday, please.
um. how about 10:00?
i will need the reference number. also, i'm looking for places to go in the south.
i don't know the city very well. do you have any recommendations for attractions in the south?
a museum if you have it, otherwise i'll take what you have at the top of your list.
that sounds perfect! can i have the address and phone number?
that's all i need!
i need a hotel with free wifi.
it needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.
either is fine. which one is your favorite?
great that sounds like a plan.
no thanks. is that a guesthouse?
okay, great. i'm also looking for attractions in the west.
what attraction do you suggest?
that sounds good. is there an entrance fee?
what's their phone number?
yes, i'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. i want to leave the attraction by 05:30. what is the car type and contact number please.
that will be it for today and thanks for your help
you bet. this is the end.
i am looking for an indian restaurant with high ratings in the moderate price range please?
could you tell me more information about curry price?
yes please. i would like to book a table for 5 at 12:30 on friday, please.
is it available at 11:30?
yes i'm also looking for a train to kings lynn on saturday.
i want to depart from cambridge after 10:45.
maybe. how much does that cost?
that one will work just fine, thank you.
no need, that's all i wanted. thank you for the help!
hey, i need a moderately priced place to stay.
the area doesn't matter, but i do need free wifi.
a hotel is fine whichever you recommend.
yes, please for 3 people on monday.
i need to stay for 2 nights with 3 people from monday.
thank you, i'm also looking for some places to go in town. something along the lines of college, i also need the address and postcode.
thank you for your help!
can you help me find a moderately priced indian food restaurant?
if it is in the west part of town, yes. if not can you suggest something else?
yes, i need a reservation on thursday.
3 people at 12:15 on thursday
i am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the north, i think.
i don't need parking, but i would like to make sure it is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
it doesn't matter.
yes 3 people, two nights on thursday.
i also need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
i am departing from the ashley.
that will be it for today. thanks
hi, i am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi.
four stars please.
i would like something in the north and has free wifi and free parking if possible.
can you book the acorn guesthouse for thursday?
great, i need it for 5 people for 3 nights, and let me know the reference number.
excellent! thank you!
actually that is all. have a lovely day.
thanks. bye now.
can you recommend a restaurant in the center of cambridge that has moderate prices?
i would like italian food.
no thank you. i just need the post code for now.
yes, i would like some places to visit while i'm in town. perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.
can i get their phone number please?
i also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. i plan on leaving the restaurant by 14:00.
it is just me by myself
thanks so much! that is all i need. have a good day!
i would like to look into more tourist information.
no problem, what would you like to know?
yes. i am looking for a theatre.
yes, can i have the phone number? i am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 3.
do you have hobsons house phone number?
no thanks. i also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 03:45.
thank you that will be all goodbye
hello, i'd like to book a train on friday that arrives by 17:30.
i am leaving from london kings cross station and traveling to cambridge.
yes, please! what's the reference number?
i will need 2 tickets
yes, i'm wondering if there are any expensive modern european restaurants in town.
i would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on friday please.
thank you, that will be all.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
i would prefer a price range of expensive
how about moderate price range with a star of 4?
area doesn't matter but i need to know if they have free parking
sounds great, thank you.
yes please make a reservation in my name. thank you.
i'm sorry i don't need a reservation right now. can you just tell me if they offer free parking?
great, thanks. that is all i needed.
no, i can book myself later. thanks. good bye.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i need a train going to broxbourne that leaves after 8:00 on monday
that's leaving from cambridge, right? if so, then yes, book me one seat, and give me the reference number, thanks!
i'm also looking for information on a hotel called cityroomz.
i just needed to find out if they offer free parking there.
no thank you.
i need to find a hotel in the south please
uh, i want to find a place to go in town. i really want to look at some of the colleges.
not really. any college would be great.
that sounds great! what's the postcode?
could you look up don pasquale pizzeria for me? i'd like to know the postcode.
can i book a taxi from christ's college to don pasquale pizzeria?
actually i need to go from the restaurant to the college. i'd like to leave by 7:15.
no, that will be all. thank you.
i am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the north side of the city please.
as long as there is available parking i'd like to book my reservation there please.
can i get it starting monday for 3 nights with 6 people please
i want to try food in cambridge and need to get a train to stevenage that leaves after 14:45.
i want to leave on sunday from cambridge.
i would like to arrive in time for lunch, preferably around 11:00
ok, the 15:21 going to stevange on sunday would be great. i'll need the price and train id as well please.
not quite yet, could you tell me what the travel time is for that trip? i also am looking for a restaurant to dine at.
find expensive welsh food, or if not welsh, indian, for 6 people at 10:30 sunday. i need a reference number, please.
sounds good to me. book it for six people at 10:30 on sunday. out of curiousity... how long is that train trip going to take?
great - i do still need to know the travel time for that train, though. the 15:21 train to stevenage?
yes, can you also let me know the price for that train?
can you book me 6 seats on that train?
you're still not done! give me the train id for the train.
i need to find a train out of king's lynn that will arrive by 17:45.
cambridge, and it will be on sunday.
that sounds great. can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?
awesome! i also need help finding a place to stay in the south. not driving so don't need parking.
i would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is i would like it to have a 3 star rating please.
yes i'll need it for sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.
that takes care of everything for me, thank you! bye!
i would like to try something new, i am looking for an irish restaurant, preferably in the moderate price range.
yes, i'd be willing to try international cuisine if you could find an establishment that serves it.
could you give me the phone number and postcode for the bloomsbury?
yes. i need to find a train going to stansted airport by 19:30.
i would like to leave on monday
i need to arrive by 19:30.
thank you so much, that is all i need.
i'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.
yes, i'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.
is there a guesthouse?
and the avalon is in what part of town?
no thanks can i just have the address and postcode? i also need help finding a restaurant.
okay, thank you.
yes i need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive.
what about indian food?
no thank you that will be all
hello! i'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves scottish food. can you recommend one?
no, any part of town is good.
how about a restaurant that serves british food?
may i get the restaurant phone number please?
thank you, goodbye
i need to know if there are any trains that go to kings lynn?
on friday. i want to leave in the evening after 19:45.
yes for two please.
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town
asian oriental food.
sounds delicious. yes, for 13:45 on the same friday for the two of us, please.
excellent, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
hi, i need to locate a particular restaurant please.
it is the pizza hut city centre. i'd like to eat there on monday if you could reserve a table for me.
we'll need a table for 4, please. i'd love it if we can get the 15:15 time slot.
i also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by 10:00.
i need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge.
yes, i will need 4 tickets.
thats great thanks so much for all the help.
i am looking for a place to stay in the centre area.
it doesn't matter, but it should have free wifi.
do any of them have a zero star rating?
thank you and the address please ?
no thank you. good bye.
i am seeking an expensive restaurant in cambridge.
how about one in the east area?
tell me your favorite. i'd like their phone number and address, please?
great, also, are there any museums in that same area?
what is the postcode for the cambridge museum of technology?
that's all i needed today, thank you.
please see if you can find me an indian restaurant on the east end
cheap price and address and phone number
sure, i think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the east. i'll need their address and phone number.
i need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but no parking is needed
yes, i'd prefer a guesthouse that's cheap if any are available.
how about a hotel that is really cheap? i need a room for 7 for 3 nights on friday
thanks so much. have a great day. goodbye
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
yes. it's called the golden wok.
book a table for 8 people at 15:45 on tuesday.
thank you. i also need to find a train.
i will be departing from cambridge to norwich on wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by 16:45
yes, thats all tge info i need thanks
yep your awesome thanks
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town.
what its phone number?
can you give me the phone number of a different, cheap restaurant in the west part of town?
thank you! goodbye.
can you find a hotel by the name of leverton house?
great, can you book a room for people please? we would like 3 nights arriving on sunday.
sorry about that. i would like it for 5 people.
please, search another hotel in the same pricerange that the leverton house.
i don't care.
great that was all i needed today, thank you!
what's a good museum to go to in cambridge?
i will go to any part.
what is their phone number?
yes please, i am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. preferably in the east with free wifi.
that doesn't matter. you can just recommend one and then help me with a booking please
4 people. starting saturday, 3 nights.
that's not necessary at all. thanks.
i'm looking for something interesting to do.
any attraction is fine as long as it's in the centre of town.
yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.
i would like something in the moderate price range. i will be requiring their address.
no particular cuisine i will need a taxi to commute need to leave by 24:15 and need number and car type please.
the yippee noodle bar sounds great. do you have their address?
i also want to book a taxi from parkside pools to the bar. i want to leave around 24:15.
great thank you, that's all i will need.
i'm looking for a restaurant called ask. do you know of it?
yes, we would like a reservation there for thursday.
16:15 for 4 people, i am also needing a hotel with a 2 star rating and in the expensive price range.
i think you forgot to give me the reference number for my dinner reservation? does the hotel have free wifi and free parking?
i would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from saturday please. i will need my reference number.
i also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant, leaving at 16:00.
great thanks! i need to get to work, so thanks again. goodbye.
i am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.
does that include free wifi?
just one more question: is it in the moderate prince range? if so, please give me their address. if not, i need something moderately priced.
no thanks. not at this time. i would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to ely though.
i would like to leave after 15:15 on thursday.
yes that works great. can you book 2 tickets for that train and give me the reference number?
great. that's all i needed. thank you.
i'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the centre of town.
i am not. i do want a table for 5 at 17:30 on thursday though.
great, can you also help me find a place to visit, like a park?
are there any parks i could visit?
the location isn't important, maybe just something near the restaurant. i just need the park's address and i would like to know of any entrance fees.
thank you very much, that's all i needed!
can you please help me find a place to stay? i'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. thankyou.
does the acorn guest house have free wifi and is it located in the south?
yes, i would like something in the south. there will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting saturday.
i'm looking for a train arriving by 17:15 departing from cambridge.
i need to go to bishops' stortford on sunday.
yes, please. i'm travelling alone, but could you give me the price as well?
can yo also find a guesthouse with a five star rating?
how about a 5 star hotel
a four star with free parking would be fine
no, it doesn't matter. which ever you recommend would be fine. i do need to get the postcode for it.
thank you, that was everything i needed for this trip. have a great day!
i want to know if any trains run on sunday?
i'll be heading to cambridge from stevenage, and i'd like to arrive on sunday by 12:45, please.
that sounds good, how much is a ticket?
yes please go ahead and book that for me. i am also looking for a place to stay and can you find me a guest house with free wifi?
actually, i would prefer a guesthouse is the north.
no, i just need to know the price
okay. i would like to book the archway house for three nights and for one person starting on sunday and what is the price.
is there an email i can contact them at?
that would be all thanks you very much
actually, i'm sorry. would you be able to confirm that the hotel you've booked has wifi? i don't have that in my notes.
i don't actually need the train booked yet, i just needed to know the price. i think i have everything i need now, thanks for your help!
thank you for looking that up for me.
yes that is everything thank you for all your help. goodbye
can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on sunday?
i am traveling to cambridge, of course! i can leave norwich anytime after 12:45
yes, that would be fine. i'll need it booked for 3 people. i'll also need the reference number, please.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
the hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 4.
sure, thanks! will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting sunday?
that is all. thank you!
hi, i sure am looking forward to trying some of your local food when i get there. can you help me find a train?
i want to go to kings lynn on monday.
i am departing from cambridge after 21:00.
yeah, that works. is there a seat available?
yeah, i just need a ticket for myself.
i also am looking for an expensive caribbean restaurant.
how about gastropub? in the centre?
i don't need a reservation at the moment but can i have their post code?
thank you for all your help!
i need a train that is leaving on wednesday.
yes, i need to get to cambridge by 17:15. from the kings lane station.
yes. i need to book tickets for 8 people.
thanks. i am also looking for some korean food in the north part of town.
i don't have a preference. pick one that you like?
then can i do a search for one that serves italian food instead?
that works, can i get an address?
no thank you. that was all i needed to know. thanks and goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
yes. phone number please
i'm not sure where on the south side i'm going to be. could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information, too?
i am in desperate need of a getaway. can you help me find a cheap place to stay?
i like staying on the north side of town and i do need free wifi.
does it have free wifi?
the worth house sounds fine. i would need the postcode.
yes please. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to cambridge.
i'd like to leave after 11:45, please.
yes please. i need 8 tickets. and i'm sorry, i didn't need you to book the hotel, hope it's not too late.
no, i believe that is everything. thank you.
thanks one more time. lets end this conversation please
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
i do not care.
is there anything else available?
give me the address and postcode of any of them, please.
what is the postcode?
that's great. thank you so much
i want a place to stay with 3 stars.
i'd like one with free parking, located in the north area, and is a guesthouse.
yes, please book for 5 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.
thank you that is all i need today.
hi there. i am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions. can you help me find a place to stay while i am there?
seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun! anyway i need a 0 star hotel with free parking.
yes, that would be fine. something in the west would be great.
what about in the center?
yes, please. i need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from friday.
thank you. i am also looking for a place to go in town. i would prefer something near the hotel.
that will be fine. i'll need the postcode and attraction type?
thank you!, i will need to book a taxi that can depart by 12:30, please provide me with contact and the type of car.
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today
i will, thanks! you have a great day to. bye.
so i'm planning a trip and i need some information about where to stay in the north. i prefer hotels with free parking
north 2 star and should include free wifi
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on friday.
thank you. i would also like to find a chinese restaurant in the same area. can you let me know what is available?
the hakka sounds good. can you book it for 5 people on friday?
i would like it at 18:45.
i also need a cab to get me to and from both places. i need the contact # and car type
to the restaurant, i would like to arrive before the reservation time of 18:45.
that'll be everything thanks!
i'm looking for some colleges to visit in town.
can i have the phone numbers as well?
i am also looking for a place to dine. i need something moderately priced in the city's centre please.
go ahead and suggest a moderately priced one in the centre area of town.
please reserve a table for 5 people at 11:00 on monday.
no, that was everything. thanks for your help. goodbye!
are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?
recommend a swimming pool for me please.
what's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?
yes. i need a place to stay. free parking and free wifi are important to me
no but it needs to be in the moderate price range.
i would rather have a hotel. i need it for 8 people for 3 nights. is there anything available?
the ashley hotel sounds great. can you reserve a room on thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please?
ok, thanks for that. what's the reference number?
yes please, i'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel. i'd like to leave the pool by 05:15.
what kind of car is the taxi?
thanks! that's all i need.
i'm looking for a train, but i don't want to have to get up too early. there's something that leaves after 8:15, right?
i need to get to stansted airport on monday.
book for 2 people and get me the reference number
thanks! could you also help me find somewhere cheap to stay?
the area doesn't matter but i do need free wifi, please.
a guesthouse will work out better and i need free parking too.
sure. the two of us want to stay for two nights starting saturday.
great that's all that i needed for today.
thank you, you too.
hello, we're planning on a trip to cambridge and would like lodging info. can you tell us if there is a hotel in the economical range near the centre?
really? not even a guest house?
i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the centre.
sounds great! can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
thank, you goodbye
hi, i am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at. free parking is not necessary.
i would prefer to keep it in the moderate price range and i really need free wifi as well, please.
no, not really. just needs to be in the moderate price range.
yes, i would. can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting saturday?
i am also looking for a resturant called nandos city centre. can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 17:00 on saturday?
i am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. i need to arrive by my reservation time.
i need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.
i prefer the north.
yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on sunday
no, that's all i need. thanks.
i'm sorry, i just remembered i'm looking for an attraction as well. can you help?
i would like something near the avalon guesthouse.
it does not matter can you recommend one please?
yes please! could i get their entrance fee and address?
could i have the phone number as well?
thank you very much. that is all i needed.
i'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking
can you tell me the price of the room per night?
yes, give me their phone number and i will call them.
i also need to find portuguese restaurant in the south.
what is the price range of that restaurant?
i want something in the moderate price range.
what about modern european food?
no thank you i just need information right now. i would like the address and phone number.
thanks! i also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 04:30, please.
thank you. that is all that i need.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.
well anything with free parking.
actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 4 star guesthouse, with free parking.
i do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
thank you. can you help me find a place to go? maybe a park.
thank you so much for your help.
yes, what was the name of the guesthouse you booked for me?
can i get a taxi between acorn and the park?
i would like to leave the park by 04:00
great that's all i needed today thank you.
i am looking for downing college. can you give me information on it?
and just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? i assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.
i also need a place to stay. i am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.
that sounds great. can i have the number?
can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star? if so, i will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.
can you try for 2 nights instead?
thanks. i also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.
i want to leave the hotel at 15:15 to go to the college.
no, i think that takes care of it. thank you.
i am looking for restaurants in the north part of town
i'd like a cheap restaurant. what types of food are available with those parameters?
can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap indian restaurant in the north?
how much is the average dish?
thank you goodbye.
i need a train to stansted airport that leaves after 21:30. i am also going to be looking for local places to eat.
i will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from cambridge on friday. yes, please find a restaurant.
5 people for the train please.
yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range.
perfect, can you book it for 5 people on the same day at 16:30?
can we try for 15:30? i also need the reference number for the train booking.
that's all, thank you.
yes, i'm sure. thanks.
i am looking for a place to eat in town centre.
it doesn't matter as long as it is cheap.
i don't care about the cuisine. would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on wednesday?
that will be all. thank you very much for your help.
hi, i'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. are there any boats there that i might be able to visit?
yes please. i would like to get the address and postcode for the riverboat.
ok, i need a restaurant in the north side that serves chinese as well.
whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on thursday.
thank you. i'll need a taxi to get me to the restaurant.
i'd like to be picked up from the georgina, and please make sure i'm there before my booking at hakka.
that's all i need! thank you!
thank you very much.
i'd be really happy if you could help me locate a place to stay in cambridge tonight.
i want an expensive guesthouse with free wifi
i dont have any preference when it comes to where it is. as long as it is 4 stars
then how about one in the cheap price range?
yes, i would. i need 3 nights, 7 people, starting wednedady. i need the reference number. i also need a train to cambridge after 14:45.
great! now could you help me book a train from stevenage going to cambridge on wednesday?
yes, no need to book, i just need the travel time.
thanks, that's everything. this is going to be a great trip!
i need a place to dine at in the south that serves chinese.
is it in the expensive price range?
yes, that sounds much better. could you give me their information please?
no, that won't be necessary at this time. but, i am looking for places to go in the same area s the restaurant.
i don't care. could you pick out something good for me? i just need the postcode and address, too.
thank you i also need to get a taxi between the two places please.
i ant to leave the attraction by 19:00.get contact number and car type for me please
that should be all. thank you for your help! goodbye!
hey, i'm trying to find a restaurant called taj tandoori. what do you know about that?
yes please. i would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday.
yes, please. if you could find one similar to taj tandoori, that would be perfect.
sure, but let's try to keep it in the same area and price range please.
okay that is all i need at the moment.
please find a restaurant called galleria.
i think it would be great to try european food. do you think they would accept a reservation for a party of 7?
yes, for 7 people at 16:45 on monday. i need a reference number. i need a taxi to commute also a place to visit as well as car type
i'm also looking for a college to visit in the west.
pick one that is free and give me the address and phone number
i also need a taxi that will get me from the college to the restaurant by 16:45.
thank you. that's all i need for now.
while in cambridge i would really like to know where to find a place to eat called meghna.
excellent. can you book that for me please?
scratch that, i'll book it myself. now i just need to find a place to stay, a hotel with a 4 star rating.
yes i would prefer that it's in the west. and i need free parking. that is a hotel style correct?
i would like a 4 star rating, but price doesn't really matter. what are the prices?
i would like the phone number and the address of the expensive one.
no thank you, would you book a taxi for me? i want to be picked up at meghna and leave by 10:15. i would like the contact number and car type.
the huntingdon marriott hotel where i will be staying.
i also need the phone number for the restaurant that you booked for me, the meghna.
no, thank you very much for all of your help today.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
bridge guest house is what im looking for for 7 people and 3 nights
i'd like for it to start on wednesday.
i'm also looking for a train that gets in to cambridge that day. i won't be able to leave until after 13:15 though.
i'm looking to come from broxbourne.
pick the best one and please give price and train id.
i would just like the know the price per ticket please. and the train id.
thanks so much. that was everything i needed at this time.
i need to come to cambridge on sunday and i'd like to take a train. do you have anything leaving out of birmingham new street on that day?
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 9:15 please.
can i get the train id and also the price for this trip?
i am also looking for information on a hotel called autumn house.
i want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train trip.
thank you. that was all i needed today.
thanks a lot for all your help!
i need a place to stay with free wifi.
location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.
between $100-$300 per night.
what is their postcode?
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the north area.
that would need helpful yes, however i need the hotel to also offer free parking!
yes, please tell me the star ratings.
i would like a place in the north part of town, and its phone number. i also need a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.
i am actually looking to eat lebanese food.
how about chinese then?
yes please, can i get a phone number, address, and reference number?
yeah, i'm hoping to find a cheap place to stay. can you help with that?
i don't have an area preference but it should have a star of 4 and have free parking.
okay that sounds great.
what's the postcode?
what sort of hotel is it? guest house or hotel?
yes please go ahead and book it. i'm also looking for a train.
i just need the postcode and hotel type.
that is all, thank you so much
cambridge, travel time, arrival time, and price please
i need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on sunday after 11:45. no reservation, just need to know travel time, arrival time, and price please.
no, thank you. you have been very patient and helpful. have a nice day. bye.
can you tell me about any cheap priced italian restaurants in cambridge?
i'd like a place in the centre.
zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on saturday at 16:15?
thanks! i also need to find a cheap hotel.
does it have free wifi?
yes and i need the reference number. also i need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant on time. i would like the number and car type please.
there will be 6 people staying for two nights.
we need to check in on saturday.
yes, please. i want to book if to get me to the restaurant on time.
i don't need anything else. thank you, bye!
id like to eat at an expensive indian place, know any?
how about in the city centre?
yes, which of them have the best reviews?
can you see which ones have availability sunday at 19:15 for 2 people?
nope, that would be it. thanks for all the help, have a nice day!
hello, i am looking for information on a restaurant name rice house.
i'd like to reserve a table for 7 on thursday, at 11:15. are you able to book that for me please?
what about 10:15?
great, thanks! i'll also need a train leaving after 11:45 on friday.
i would like to go to kings lynn.
yes please book it for 7 people and give me the reference number
no, i am all set. thanks!
i am looking for a train that departs on friday.
actually, i'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the south end of town if possible.
no thank you. i was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. is there a park on the south side of town?
yes, could you give me the postcode for wandlebury country park?
yes. i'd also like to book a hotel for 4 people.
is there a hotel called hobsons house?
yes, i want to book it starting wednesday for 4 nights. it should be for 4 people.
i would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 24:00.
no, that's all i need. thanks.
can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant?
it doesn't matter what area. can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on wednesday.
if there is one that you know of that you recommend, that would be fine. i don't know any, so some guidance would be great.
okay as long as it's in the same price range.
great yes it is and thank you.
no, that's all. thanks again for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.
7 people at 19:15 and can we do that on monday?
thank you for booking that for me.
i am also looking for a train leaving on tuesday from cambridge.
i would like to get to ely by 17:45, please.
yes please, i'll need it for 7 people
thats everything thanks for the help
i am traveling to cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, can you help?
yes, i would like to see a museum. can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee for it?
i have no particular area preference. can you list a few for me to select from?
yes could i have their postcode and entrance fee?
i am also looking for the restaurant yu garden.
can you give me more information about yu garden.
just the price range and postal code please.
that is it. thank you for helping me
hello, i am planing to visit cambridge and i am looking for a swimmingpool.
it doesn't matter. i will need the address, phone number, and area of town.
that's great thanks. also i need a hotel in the south.
not really, just get me one with 3 stars please
the bridge is fine, please.
yes please, could you make a booking for me?
i'm sorry, but i don't need a booking anymore. could you tell me if they have free parking?
okay, thanks. do they also have free internet?
great! thank you for your help. goodbye!
find me a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant, please
yes, please book a table for 3 at 12:15 on monday.
great thank you
i am looking for a cuban food place, in the east.
can you check again? the only thing i'm interested in is a moderately priced cuban restaurant in the east.
do you have a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east?
i will try the curry prince. can you book a table for 4 people on monday at 17:30?
yes, try that.
no, thank you. you have been very helpful. have a great day.
thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat. i have the reference number t44kc552.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve modern american food and should be in the centre
do you have a similar restaurant that is close to centre?
yes, i would like that.
i'm sorry i misread that you said north american. if there's no modern american, then can you try italian instead?
expensive italian will do.
no thanks, i just need the phone number please.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like it to be in the north and same price range as the restaurant.
is there anything in the moderate price range?
yes i would prefer a 4 star and would like for it to have free parking.
i have no preference. what do you recommend?
what area is that in again?
get me their phone number and hotel type
thank you very much for your time. have a nice day!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i need a train that will leave monday ggo to cambridge at 12:00
i will be leaving london liverpool street.
okay. i also need to find a guesthouse to stay in the expensive price range.
i prefer an expensive hotel in the north please
how about one in the moderate price range then.
i prefer a four star hotel, please. and can you tell me whether one has free parking?
that sounds nice, thank you. may have their number and postcode, please?
no thanks. do they have free parking?
thank you for your assistance. i will do the booking, myself.
that is fine for today. thank you
i'm looking for a hotel called avalon.
great, yes please. there will be 7 of us arriving on wednesday. we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
i would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant.
how about moderately priced british food?
can you give me the phone numbers please
okay, so may i have the number please?
thank you, goodbye
could you help me find cityroomz, please?
can you book a room for me there? we'll be arriving on saturday and need to stay 4 nights. there will be 7 of us staying.
nope, that'll be all, thanks. bye!
i'm looking for a place to stay. are there any guesthouses that are moderately priced?
no, i really don't care what area, but i would like it to have a 4 star rating.
that sounds perfect so long as it has free parking.
yes. i'll need it for 4 people starting on saturday. we'll be there for 5 nights.
well, is it available for at least 4 nights?
actually, i misspoke. i need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting saturday. if that doesn't work, 4 nights is fine.
no, that's it. thank you very much.
you may help me by finding a muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.
can you book the backstreet bistro for me ?
i'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on wednesday.
thanks. next can i get some info on theatre's in the centre?
can you recommend one for me please?
could you give me their address?
i would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a theatre type.
could i get the address for the cambridge arts theatre?
can you navigate me to a 5 star hotel with free wifi please?
do you have a place with free wifi in the cheap range with a star of 4?
what type of hotels are they?
looking for something with 5 stars and free wifi
sorry, how silly of me. i want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. a cheap 4 star with free wifi, please.
i don't need it booked just yet. i just needed the info, thanks.
no, thank you for your patience. i am all set now. bye.
i am looking for information on attractions in the west side of town.
not really, but i do need a postcode.
thanks! can you help me find a restaurant in that area? i want to spend a lot of money
i'm open to suggestions.
okay. why type of food do they serve and i need the postcode then too please
great. thanks for your assistance!
that is all the information i need today thank you.
i'm looking for a expensive guesthouse.
are there any expensive guesthouses in any area? i just need it to have free parking.
sure, i'll go with a cheap one.
no, i don't need to book at the moment, but i would like the address.
i also need a train arriving by 17:45 on sunday.
sorry the train should arrive in leicester by 17:45 and depart from cambridge on sunday.
could you please let me know when that departs and what the total travel time is?
thank you, please.
thank you very much for your help today!
nope, that's it thanks!
i am looking for information in cambridge.
oops, sorry. i should have given you more info. i am wanting to find a train to get me to bishops stortford.
me and 6 of my friends want to leave sometime after 8:30.
i'll be leaving cambridge on tuesday and need a booking.
yes, for 7. please give me the reference number.
can i get an expensive place to stay? a hotel more specifcally, 2 stars please.
can you book a room for me?
i'm looking just for the phone number, address, and area of the hotel.
yes, that one would be perfect. i need the address, phone number and area please.
that is all i wanted to know for today thank you
i'm needing a place to stay that is in the centre of town.
i don't care about the price range, but i need free parking, please.
i would prefer a hotel with 4 stars please, are either of those 4 stars with free parking? and also do either have free wifi?
i don't want to book it right now. can i get the phone number and postcode, please?
just to verify, the university arms offers free wifi and free parking?
great! that is wonderful! have a great day!
i want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food. what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
hello, i need to take a train to norwich on tuesday, can you please tell me what's available?
cambridge and should leave after 14:45
yes please book tr6524 on tuesday leaving at 14:45 going to norwich from cambridge. please confirm departure time. thank you.
i just need the train travel time , please.
yes please, i'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi. the area doesn't matter.
yes, i'm celebrating a special occasion, so money is no object. is a and b an expensive, 4-star guesthouse?
yes i am rich i need expensive
how about a hotel type instead?
yes, please book for 5 people, for 4 nights starting on friday.
no. thanks.
have a nice day.
do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food?
what about a restaurant that serves chinese food? what is their phone number?
no, it doesn't matter
thank you, goodbye
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse that's in the expensive range.
i need the place i'd like to stay to also include wifi, is there anything?
i'd prefer a cheap guesthouse instead (that still offers wifi).
yes, please. i would like to book a room starting wednesday for 5 people, 2 nights.
i also am looking for a train.
i will be travelling from ely to cambridge on wednesday and need to leave after.
i'd like to leave after 16:30, please.
thank you, i will not need the booking quite yet but i would like to have the price of the train as well please.
and what time does the train arrive?
no thank you. that's all i need. thank you and goodbye!
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge after 14:45.
i am looking to travel friday and head to bishops stortford.
no, that's all the information i need. thanks, have a great day!
i'm also looking for a place for dinner. can you help with that?
i would like an expensive italian placem are is not an issue.
yes, 3 people at 10:15 on friday.
no that's all i need. thank you.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
i'm hoping to have some european food.
the first one sounds nice. i'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at 13:30 on thursday.
could i have the reference number please?
i am also looking for a train that goes to stevenage.
i'd like to leave on friday and get there by 15:30
the latest departure time would work best. thank you.
i'll be departing from cambridge. what will the ticket cost me?
no thanks. that won't be necessary. have a great day. thanks. bye.
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food
yes, thank you. could you tell me the address and phone number of that restaurant?
the gardenia sounds good. thanks.
are there any guesthouses in the east?
it needs to be cheap.
can i have the address for leverton house?
do they have internet and free parking?
that will work can you book that for me?
i am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town.
do you have any indian restaurants?
i actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the moderate price range.
are there any other options for gastropub?
in that case, could you give me the address and phone number?
no, that's all. thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the type of hotel
the hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
yes.book for six people and six nights. remember to also give me the reference number
it needs to start on wednesday, please.
how about for 5 nights?
actually i need the reservation to be for 4 nights, 6 people, starting from wednesday. could you change the reservation for me please?
i think that is everything, thanks!
i'm looking for a particular hotel
finches bed and breakfast. i would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on wednesday. can you also provide me with reference number?
im also looking for a place to go in the south
it should be a theatre. get me the entrance number
actually i'll be taking a taxi between the two. but before i do that, is there an entrance fee?
no thank you. i would like a taxi, leaving the junction by 17:30.
no, you have taken care of everything. thanks you so much. good-bye.
hello, i am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.
i'd prefer a hotel. it should have a 4 star rating. can you check again, please?
okay, do you have any hotels with a 3 star rating instead?
i guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, we'll be there on thursday.
yes, i'm also looking for info on wandlebury country park.
can you give me their phone number please?
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.
yes i do. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45 to go to the park.
wonderful. can you provide me with the contact number? also, what kind of car is it?
nope, that's it. thanks!
i'd like to find a train going to cambridge that leaves on sunday.
i would be leaving from peterborough. i need to arrive in cambridge by 19:30 though.
my departure time is flexible.
no, that won't be necessary. i would like to get the price, though.
i am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.
that sounds great. can i just get the postcode please?
no, i believe that is everything. thank you.
i am looking for some info on india house
that sounds right. could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on friday?
can you try for 17:00 instead?
great! thanks for your help, that's all i need.
i need a 3 star hotel in cambridge, that offers a guesthouse, can you book it for me ?
if this guesthouse is available please book it for me. by the way, what is the price per night?
before i book, is the guesthouse located in the south part of town and at what price range?
great can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting friday?
yes, i am also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area and price range as my hotel.
yes, are there any modern european restaurants in that area?
i'd like to book one for the same group of people at 11:00 on the same day as before.
how about 10:00 on the same day as before?
thank you for booking that and the reference number
yes please, i need to book a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for the dinner reservation.
that is it for today. thank you so much for your help. good bye.
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'm looking for some local restaurants. i would like to find some located in the centre and of moderate price.
are there any restaurants that serve bistro food?
how about italian?
yea! please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on thursday.
can you try 14:00?
i am also looking for a hotel in the same area of the restaurant
i don't really care about price range, but i'd like to have free parking.
does it have free parking?
please. book it for 2 people on thursday, for 3 days. i'll need the reference number for that as well.
can i also book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel? we want to make our dinner reservation.
that sounds great. can you provide the contact number for the taxi?
that's all. thanks.
hi, i'm interested in getting some information about the cherry hinton village centre in cambridge.
what is their entrance fee?
no, thanks. could you recommend a hotel in the west with free parking?
is it a guesthouse? i'm looking for a guesthouse.
i actually don't need reservations just information. what can you tell me about the finches bed and breakfast?
what's their postcode?
ok. would it be possible to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the sports complex?
i want to leave the hotel at 22:45.
thank you so much! you've been so helpful. that's all i need. have a good day. goodbye.
i need help finding train to lodon liverpool street.
i need it to arrive by 19:45 on sunday and i'm leaving from cambridge.
yes, i'd like to book it for 3 people. could i get the reference number as well?
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre, please?
i would like a restaurant that serves venetian food, please.
sure, how about some british food?
are all three of these expensive restaurants? if so i'd like to try the midsummer house restaurant. may i get their address please?
that was all the information i needed, thank you!
could you give me some information on getting a train to cambridge on thursday?
yes, i want to leave london liverpool street sometime after 10:15.
yes, can you book that for 2 people and give me a reference number?
i am also looking for a expensive restaurant located in the centre.
sounds great, can you reserve us a table? same 2 people and on the same day. we'd like to eat at 17:00.
i am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking please.
no, but i do need free wifi as well as free parking.
no, the price range is flexible. i would like to book a room on wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights.
that will do. and that is for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
sure, let's try for just one night and see if that works please.
the reference number please!
thanks for your help. i'm all set. bye.
i am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving indian food.
the west.
yes. could you please make a reservation for saturday for 7 people at 15:00?
how about 14:00 then?
excellent, that's all i need. thank you!
could you repeat the reference number please.
thanks again for all your help.
i am looking for a place to eat in the north. can you help me?
do you have anything serving turkish food?
okay, how about one that serves chinese food?
yes, a reservation would be great. let's say friday for 6 people at 15:45.
thank you! i'm also looking for a train leaving cambridge. i'll need to arrive by 08:15, please?
well, i need to go to bishops stortford. will that train go there on sunday?
yes i would like to book seats on the tr8095 train for 6 people.
thank you for your help.
nope that is all, thanks so much for all of your help!
i need a guest house which has free parking
no specific area. i would like it to have free wifi and 4 stars.
i am not particular as long as it has a 2 star rating, free wifi and is a guesthouse.
sure, i need a 4 star guesthouse with wifi and parking. the area doesn't matter.
that sounds good. i'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on saturday and lasting 5 nights.
i'm looking for info on soul tree nightclub.
can you tell me what type of attraction this is and the entrance fee?
thank you so much for your help. that was all i needed.
hello, i'm looking for a modern european restaurant. got any?
can you book it for me for 3 people at 14:00 on wednesday?
yes, that is fine. i also need a place to stay that has free parking and at least a three star rating, can you find one for me?
i need one to be the same price range as the restaurant.
actually it should be in the moderate price range.
yes. i will need it for three nights, 3 people starting wednesday.
no that was all i needed.
i'm looking for a hotel, but not a guesthouse. all it needs is free parking. can you recommend one?
yes, i'm trying to find a hotel in the south with a 4 star rating, with free parking.
ok, let's try the same other criteria but how about a guesthouse?
no but can i get the address and postcode for rosa's bed and breakfast please?
thanks. i'm also looking for a cinema in the same place at the hotel.
can you confirm if cineworld cinema is in the south? also, can you look up a swimming pool? i'm thinking of going swimming.
can i get the fee and the phone number for cineworld cinema please?
okay. that's all i needed then.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
in the centre of town please. i am looking to stay in the expensive price range.
yes, could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on tuesday?
that would be all thank you very much.
i am looking to stay at a four start place with free wifi.
either will do. are there by any chance any cheap guesthouses available?
please book alexander bed and breakfast for 4 people and 5 nights starting on tuesday.
i'm also looking for an architecture attraction to go to. do you have information on any of those?
well since the hotel is in the center try nearby.
please send me their phone number and postcode.
okay, that's all i need for today. thanks, bye!
i need a train to cambridge, leaving after 17:00.
i'll be leaving from norwich on wednesday.
can you give me the price and travel time of tr2379, please?
great, please book that. i would also like to book a hotel, called kirkwood house
can you book the hotel for 4 people starting wednesday night for 4 nights?
no, that looks good to me. you have a great day.
i was looking for a specific restaurant, please.
yes, it;s called the golden curry.
yes i need it booked for 8 people on monday at 17:15.
thank you. if that one fails, thursday would be good as well. please provide the reference number. i also need a hotel, at least 1 star and include internet.
i do not mind the area. just free wifi and i like to only have 1 star.
can you find me a 4 star hotel then?
i prefer a hotel type.
are any of them in the centre?
i would like to go to the hotel right after my reservation at the restaurant.
the restaurant reservation is at 17:15
i have a restaurant reservation, i need a hotel now. 1 star hotel with free wifi.
yes 8 people, 4 nights on monday.
i will need it for 4 nights. thanks.
yes and please provide the reference number.
that's all i need today. thank you so much for all your help.
no thank you that will be all
hi, i'm looking for a place that offers free internet and parking.
just free wifi and free parking. moderate priced and should be a guesthouse please.
there will be 5 of us staying for 2 nights. we would like to start on sunday.
how about a different hotel in the same price range?
oh, wait, i think i made a mistake, we're actually arriving on friday, not sunday.
yes that's great. thanks so much!
thanks again for your help
a friend of mine mentioned this attraction called the place. can you give me some information about it?
yes. phone number and address
i am also looking for a place to stay in the east in the expensive price range.
that works fine.
what's the star rating? i want to stay at a 4 star place.
let's try for moderate price range, four stars please.
does the guesthouse have internet?
okay. that is all i needed to know. thanks.
no thank you i do not need anything else today.
hi. i am looking for a place to stay.
i'm looking for a cheap 4 star hotel in the east that has free wifi.
please recommend the best one, i need to book a stay for 7 people starting thursday for 2 nights.
thanks! are there any cheap indian restaurants near the hotel?
how about indian restaurant with moderate price range and do not care about location
i would prefer one that is located in the east.
yes, i will need to book it for the same day.
there will be 7 of us.
i would like the table at 16:45, please.
great. i have all that i need. thank you very much!
can you get me information on a hotel called cityroomz?
i would like to book this hotel for 4 people and 2 nights for tuesday.
can i have the reference number please.
thank you. i will also need a train to cambridge.
i will be coming in from stansted airport heading into cambridge.
i want to travel on tuesday.
i'd like to arrive by 18:30, but i can leave at any time.
sounds good enough to me. what is the price of the tr 9892?
ok, great and could you please confirm the departure time for that train?
okay great. thank you!
no, you have been a great help. that's it for now. goodbye.
i want to know if there are any places serving belgian food in the centre?
let's try a place serving indian food.
that works for me. can you reserve a table for 3 people on sunday at 4 pm?
thank you for taking care of the restaurant. i now need help with a specific hotel called autumn house.
please book that for the same day and same group of people for 4 nights
i'd like to book a taxi also, to commute between those two locations, please.
it will be for 3 people as well.
nope that's all i needed tonight.
are there any proper hotels in the south?
ok, are there any hotels in the cheap price range in the south part of town?
can we check for guesthouses?
yes, that will work.
i don't need a reservation right now, but does rosa's b&b have internet?
i really need internet. can you tell me if they have free wifi?
no, that's fine!
no, that is all i need. thank you.
i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge. it needs to leave after 15:00.
i need to go to stansted airport and i want to leave on monday
i need to leave after 15:00.
yes please. i also need a place to stay, preferably in the west part of town.
a guesthouse please that is not too expensive.
is finches located in the west and if so, can i please get the postcode?
thank you. that is everything i needed today.
hi there. i was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a guesthouse to stay at in town.
i am just looking for one with free parking
that sounds good. please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting on friday.
that's all i need, thank you.
i'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.
i think i need it to be in the centre. i probably prefer a hotel if possible.
sure. i need a room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday.
thanks. now that the hotel is set, i need to book a train for thursday going to peterborough.
yes, i am leaving from cambridge and i will need to arrive by 09:45 please
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves russian food.
yes please, is there any restaurant serve british food?
no. what is the address and phone number?
thank you, good bye
i need a cheap restuarant. probably in the west part of town
what kind of food do they serve?
that sounds good. what is their phone number?
that was all i needed. bye now.
i'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge. i'd like to eat light bites in the mid price range please.
okay, how about some italian food? that sounds good, too.
anywhere should be fine. find me the postcode, phone number and location please.
i would like to find a room as well, with free wifi.
i want a 4 star place with the same price range as the restaurant. and free parking as well.
sure, can you book that for me? starting friday, 2 nights, and 5 people
that is all that i need.
thank you that is all i need today. have a great day.
find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.
how about spanish food?
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on friday. make sure you get the reference number with moderate price range
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train to get me to cambridge from leicester?
i would like friday
can you pick one and get me 8 tickets please?
thanks, that's all i needed today!
i'm looking for a restaurant in the north.
i want some light bites food, and cheap if possible.
how about one that serves italian food
yes i would like to book a table for 2 at 12:30 on thursday please.
great, thanks for your help.
yes i would like information on clare hall.
what is the phone number for clare hall?
i also am looking for a hotel called kirkwood house
can i get the address for the kirkwood house?
that's it. thank you.
while i am visiting cambridge, i would like to stay at the ashley hotel. where is it located?
book me a room there for 2 night with 6 people, starting friday. also, i will need the reference number.
i'd like a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city.
i would like chinese food.
let's go with charlie chan for 6 people at 15:45 friday
no that will be all. thank you.
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food
how about asian oriental food?
yes, i would like their address and phone number.
thank you goodbye.
i've heard good things about the acorn guest house. could you find it for me?
thank you very much!
yes, i also need a train to cambridge from ely.
wednesday and needs to arrive by 18:15 that day.
i don't need to book right now. what time does this train depart from ely?
excellent, that's all the information i need right now. thank you!
hi! i'm planning my trip to cambridge and i was wondering if you had information on any mediterranean restaurants located in the centre of cambridge?
not really but i would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 16:45 on a friday. i will need the reference number as well.
yes. that sounds good. do you have any moderate priced guesthouses available?
i don't seem to have a preference but i wiukd like a moderately priced place with free parking.
could i have the postcode and how many stars of the hotel?
i also need to get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant. i need it to arrive at 16:45. i'd like the contact number and the car type.
thank you so much, thats all i need
i need to book a train from norwich to cambridge.
i need to leave on monday and arrive by 17:45.
could i please get the price and the train id?
i also need a restaurant. can you do that?
fusion food would be ideal.
try chinese food instead.
can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. it will be for 5 people at 20:30, on the same day
pick your favorite and book it. we are a party of 5 and we'd like to eat late, like 20:30, on the same day as that train you found for me.
could you try for 19:30 please?
thanks for all your help
hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?
i'm looking for a swimming pool in the north.
what's the address and entrance fee for that pool?
i would like a restaurant in the same area.
i would like asian oriental food in the expensive range.
yes please book a table for 1 person at 14:45 on friday.
yes. i will also need a taxi to take me from jesus green outdoor pool to saigon city arriving in time for the reservation.
thanks. that was all i needed. goodbye.
what kind of cool attractions to we have in town? maybe in the water.
i would like to the information for the one east.
i am actually looking for a boat attraction in the north, not a swimming pool.
can i get their postcode please? i also am looking for a good restaurant in town.
yes i would like to find a restaurant that serves german food that is expensive.
what about british food?
anywhere that you recommend will be great.
yes, please. i would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on saturday.
i also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 14:15
can you let me know the type of car?
no. that is all for now.
i need a train to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:00
my destination is going to be stansted airport
i should leave on thursday.
great. can you book me 7 seats on that train?
i also want to eat modern european in the south.
yes, please, make it for the same group (7 people), 10:00 on the same day.
thanks for the help! goodbye.
yes i am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. i would prefer a guesthouse.
i am looking for a cheap hotel with a rating of 0 out of 5 stars.
does the el shaddai include free wifi?
yes that will be fine. i will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 4 nights 5 days beginning sunday. include reference number.
okay, thank you. i would also like to go to a museum while i'm in town. could you give me some information on possible options?
no thank you. could you recommend your favorite museum?
actually, yes, that's great. you've answered all my question wonderfully, thank you. bye!
i am looking for a restaurant called thanh binh in cambridge.
no thanks, can i have the phone number please?
yes, i am searching for a particular attraction named old schools.
yes, please provide more information about old schools. what type of attraction is it?
could i get the address and postcode please?
i will need a taxi to commute between thanh binh and old schools. i need to leave thanh binh by 02:00.
thank you very much! that's all for today.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
is there anything else in the moderate price range on the north part of town?
no, thank you. that's all i need.
i am looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre of town.
could you tell me about the types of museums in the centre?
the history of science museum sounds interesting. could you please send me the phone number and address?
yes, i'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with no internet.
no. i would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. it doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 3 stars.
yes, if you could do that.
4 nights starting friday for just myself. if you could book that and provide me a reference number that would be great!
please book me a taxi leaving the history of science museum back to the gonville hotel. i need to leave the museum by 17:45.
no, you have been very helpful. goodbye.
i need to find a train to bishops stortford please.
i need to leave from cambridge and arrive by 14:30 in bishops stortford.
yes, i'd like to leave thursday, what are the departure times and travel times?
that's not necessary. i need a place to stay too.
i need a hotel in the west , free parking is not necessary but it should be rated 4 stars.
sounds great. can i get more information on finches bed and breakfast please?
would it be possible to book it for eight people for four nights?
on sunday, please.
no thank you that was all i needed. good bye.
i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
yes it can be in centre. i would like to book it for 1 person at 20:00 on saturday.
no thanks, that will everything.
you're welcome, thanks.
i'd like to find a guesthouse in the north. i want it to have 2 stars.
are there any hotels in that area instead of guesthouses?
is there a room at the lovell lodge available for 1 person on saturday for 3 nights?
great, thanks! now i'd just like a taxi to take me from lovell lodge to saffron brasserie by 20:00. please give me the car and contact info
thanks that will be all. goodbye
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for information on a hotel called carolina bed and breakfast.
how is it rated and give me the phone number and post code
can i get the phone number for that please? i want to book directly through them.
can you help me find a british restaurant in a moderate price range?
area doesn't matter. you can pick one and then please book it for me for 2 people on sunday at 16:30
i'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay. can you help me with that?
i am looking for something in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
can you please book it? i'd like to stay for five nights beginning on saturday. it's just me.
great thanks for all your assistance!
i'm also looking for information on an attraction called nusha.
what is the address?
yes, i also need a taxi to go between the two. i want to leave nusha by 03:00. can you book and get me the contact and car type?
could you verify for me that the alexander bed and breakfast has free wifi and free parking? if not, i'll need to change my reservation.
no that is all the information i need today.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm looking for a cheap guesthouse in the centre.
can you book the 4-star place? there will be 8 of us staying for 5 nights, and we'll be arriving on wednesday.
could you tell me if theres a train going to cambridge that leaves after 21:00?
departing from peterborough and leaving after 21:00
it will be on wednesday. i will need the price, please?
no, thank you. i think i have everything i need right now.
ok cool leave me alone now
can you find me a place with free parking to stay in the centre?
a guesthouse with three star rating could be great.
please book me that hotel, it fits my preferences.
what is the price range, address and phone number of the hotel?
i'm also looking for a really nice restaurant that serves modern european food. can you help me with that?
what is the price range of this restaurant and is it located near the hotel?
i would like a table for 5 on sunday at 19:30 at darrys cookhouse, please.
yes, can i have a table for 18:30 on the same day?
yes, i need a taxi to commute between the two places. i need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30. can you get me a contact number and car type?
nope that should be it, thank you very much
i am looking to visit the centre while i am here. what types of attractions are available for tourists?
can i get some information about the museums?
the centre of town please.
could i get the phone number of the museum of archaeology and anthropology?
yes please. i need a reservation for a particular restaurant called cocum.
yes, wednesday at 17:45. for 7 people.
nope, that's it, thanks!
could you help me find a 0 star lodging with free parking?
i want to make sure also, that it is a hotel and includes free wifi
can i just get the address for them please
thanks, i also need a train to go to cambridge.
i want to leave from bishops stortford and arrive by 12:15.
i would like to leave on friday.
please book me for one for train tr 6834
thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking to visit a museum in cambridge. can you tell me a little about what you have?
i don't have a preference. can you recommend one?
sounds great, thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves gastropub food.
it really doesn't matter money is no object. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. as long as its a gastropub in the centre of town
awesome! thanks for all the info
i would also like to book a taxi to get between the museum and the restaurant.
i need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. i'll need the contact number and car type as well please.
thank you that's all the help i need. goodbye
hello, i am in need of a 4 star place to stay in the north,please.
i would like free wifi.
is that a guesthouse? if so, can you book me a room for sunday for 5 people, 2 nights?
i am also looking for a place to dine, in the same area as the hotel.
moderate price range thank you
do they serve barbeque food?
i'm sorry, i think i'm spending too much money on this trip. can you look for a cheap restaurant in the north that serves barbeque?
is there a cheap italian food restaurant?
yes please, 5 people, 15:00 on sunday please.
hello, are you still there? its been a few minutes. i'm kind of in a hurry, is there a problem with the booking?
i also need to use a taxi
i want to arrive at da vinci pizzeria by 15:00.
from the hotel discussed.
have you b ooked that yet? i need the reference number.
thank you for all your help.
can you help me find a train departing from birmingham new street going to cambridge?
train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on tuesday
can you assist me with booking one?
that would be great. i also would like to book a guesthouse for my stay.
yes. it should have 2 stars and include free wifi.
maybe a star rating of 3 would be good. is there anything available?
i need the reservation to be for 2 people and 2 nights please.
on tuesday please.
thanks, that is all i'll need today. bye.
can you find me a turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
no. that's okay. thank you. what is some other information on this location?
thank you for that information i should have everything i need now.
i'm looking for a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
sure, wednesday i would like to leave after 14:45 please.
yes but can you make a booking for 6 people? i would like a reference number too.
nope that should be it thank you
hi. i'm looking for a train going to kings lynn on monday.
i would definitely like to arrive by 14:45 at the latest.
no. i just need to arrive by 14:45. i would also like the price.
i'm also looking for a place to stay that includes parking
i would like one in the expensive price range and needs to include free parking.
does it have a 4-star rating by chance?
are there any 1 star hotels meeting those requirements?
i guess the 4 star would be better. they have internet, right?
no, just the phone number if you have it.
no that is everything. i need thank you for your help!
i want to find a place to stay in the north with free parking.
yes, i would prefer a moderate price range.
that sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? i will be there sunday with 3 people and we will stay for 2 nights.
no,lets try ext weekend,see if you can book it for then ?
yes, same price range.
yes, please.
okay great. thank you very much.
that will be all. thank you for your help.
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a 4 star place with wifi to stay. it doesn't matter if its a hotel or guesthouse, just 4 star please.
it should be cheap and include free parking.
no particular area. what do you recommend?
oh thats great. please assist to book that for 5 nights starting from saturday and if it fails then tuesday. please send me the reference number when you are done.
yes, i'm looking for entertainment attractions located in the centre.
okay, perhaps you can find a college that i can visit.
sounds great. what is the address?
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places
i want to leave the attraction at 09:45 and head to the restaurant.
thank you so much.
i would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food
is there any restaurant in the east that serves international food?
can i have the phone number please
that is all, thank you.
i'm looking for a four star place to stay.
expensive would be good. and i prefer the west part of town.
does it have free parking and what is the price rage?
could you give me the phone number for that hotel?
yes, can you help me find a place to dine that is in the same area as the hotel?
is it an expensive restaurant? i'll need the address, postcode and phone number
may i have the address as well please?
ok thank you. that's all i needed, bye now.
i need to find a moderately priced place to stay.
i would like a 4 star place to stay in but i don't need parking.
i'm not concerned about area, but i do need a hotel.
are you sure? it does not need to have free parking.
i think a bed and breakfast would be fine. i just need a moderate price range 4 star place.
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.
i also need to book a table for 1 on thursday at 16:45 at india house. can you do that for me?
i will need a taxi that will take me from the avalon to the india house by 16:45, can you book that for me?
well thank you thats all for today
i'd like to find an attraction to visit. something in the west.
i would like to see a theater.
am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the moderate price range
how about one that serves south african food?
no but how about one that serves british food.
yes, can you please book this for me?
i'm not ready to book yet. can i get the phone number, postcode, and address, please?
yes i need an attraction in the west. anyone will do. whatever you recommend.
i also need a south african restaurant.
is there a restaurant in the west that serves british food?
not at this time. can you give me the phone number, address and postcode, please?
that is all, thanks.
hello, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please
no, there is no particular area i would like to be in.
i would also need the phone number
yes, i'm looking for a train that's heading to cambridge by 14:45.
i'm departing leicaster on wednesday. i need a booking for 1 person with a reference number please.
i do not, thank you for the information
are you sure there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday before 14:45? that seems odd to me.
i really only need a train for that route. thanks for your help.
i need to find a restaurant in the north side of town
i don't have a price range. i'm looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food.
how about french type food?
yes. can i get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants?
what is the area again sorry ?
thank you for your help. have a great evening.
hello, i'm looking for places to go in town when i visit cambridge. what kind of entertainment attractions are there available in the centre?
how about a swimming pool in centre?
how much is admissoin?
yes, please - the phone number and postcode.
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 3 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
thank you so much you have been a big help.
thank i will.
i need to find a moderately priced guesthouse, please.
i need a place in the north, sorry.
not worried about parking. i am looking for a hotel that would be available starting monday for 4 nights for 6 people.
sounds great. i want to book the hotel for 6 people. we will be there for 4 nights and arrive on monday. may i also get the reference number?
no, thank you, that's all that i need.
i'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to cambridge. anything with a 4 star rating will do.
possibly, does this guesthouse hotel offer free parking and free wifi?
that could work. where is allenbell located?
i am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the area that serves vegetarian food.
what price range do you have for vegetarian food in the centre area?
are there any that serve spanish food instead? preferably in the center area as well.
i just need the address for one of the restaurants.
thank you. the last thing i think i need is a taxi. to pick me up at the restaurant by 10.00?
i need to return back to the hotel from the restaurant.
yes i will also need the contact number for the taxi. thanks
what is the car type that will be sent?
no, that is all! thank you very much!
i need a place to stay that has free wifi please.
do you have a one in the centre that is a 3 star?
is it a guesthouse?
are there any guesthouses in the west?
there is a place i want to see, can you help me?
i am looking for a attraction called cineworld cinema.
yes, can you help me find a place to eat?
actually never mind. i would actually like just find a place to stay in the cheap price range in the west.
the hotel i'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the west. it'll be for 3 people and 4 nights starting wednesday.
thanks alot and is there parking for two cars?
thank you, that is all i need.
hi, i could use some help with information on places to stay.
the price range is on the expensive side and i would like if they provide free wifi and parking. i want the hotel to be located on the north side.
yes, i would like to find a hotel in the south.
that sounds perfect. i need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting monday.
thanks. i am also looking for a train to broxbourne from cambridge.
i am leaving on thursday.
i am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.
i would like a guesthouse. location and price aren't important.
ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 2 people. thank you.
oh before you book, please advise on whether they have free parking or not.
well that does not work,can i get the phone number anyway?
and what area is it in?
yes. i need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 2 tickets and the ref would be great
ok, thank you. this is all the information i need right now.
would you help me book a train for thursday, please?
i would like to go to cambridge
i will be leaving from kings lynn.
i would like to leave after 15:45.
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.
i would like a cheaper hotel.
can i get the reference number for that booking?
is that for 2 people? and i need it for 5 nights starting thursday.
i prefer a moderate price one.
in the east. with free wifi, please.
no free parking is not necessary.
yes, book that one please.
not that's it. thank you so much!
i am looking for the price range of the hotel finches bed and breakfast.
thank you. that's all i needed.
no thanks, that'll be it for today.
can you help me find a russian restaurant?
yes, what about european type food?
if you find a european restaurant, i would also like the address and phone number.
thank you. good bye.
what kind of restaurants are on the east side of town?
i would like an indian restaurant.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
can you direct me to hotel in the west end? ideally one with free parking?
i need a guesthouse that also has free wifi.
yes, 5 people 2 nights from monday.
no that's it'. i really appreciate your help!
i'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town.
any price range will be fine.
i really need something in the east part of town. how about indian food?
sounds great, what is their address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
what can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
can you book a table there for me? there will be 6 of us at 16:45 on saturday.
yes, i'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
i not need internet. i have no preference on parking.
i would like a 0 star hotel.
can you book it for 6 people. we will need it for 4 days starting on saturday. i also need a reference number. thanks
that is all for now. thank you for the help.
i dont want wifi, just somewhere with four stars.
i guess it's ok if they have it, as long as they won't charge me for not using it. but 4-star accommodations are a must.
are there any in the south side of the city?
how about a place in any area with free wifi.
yes, please.
i need it for 7 people for 4 nights staring from tuesday please.
yes please and in the same price range.
thank you so much for your help.
nope. you have been so helpful. thank you!
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star and expensive
i was hoping for something in the east with free wifi.
okay, can you check for one that falls in the cheap price range instead?
sure, i would like autumn house and i need to book it for 8 people, 5 nights, and the stay starting on wednesday please.
yes, i am looking for places to visit near my hotel. any recommendations?
great, can you please provide the address.
that is all i need today, thank you.
thank you. goodbye!
i'm looking for an expensive british restaurant.
i would like something in the west, if possible.
yes, please. i need a table for 3 at 18:30 on tuesday.
i also need a place to stay, the hotel should also be the west area.
moderately priced if possible.
that sounds good, can you book me for that?
for 3 people and for 2 nights, starting on tuesday.
i could also look up a different part of town if you like?
how about an expensive one instead?
that sounds like a nice hotel. is that located in the west? if it is, i would want to book a room there.
i need to book it for the same groups, same day as we eat out.
great. thank you very much.
no thank you, you were fantastic! thank you for all the help.
hi, i'm looking for information on a restaurant called efes. what type of food do they serve and will i need reservations?
yes, please. i will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on saturday. thank you.
can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? i'm looking for entertainment.
that sounds great. can you tell me their postcode, address, and phone number?
i want a taxi to take me from the attraction to my restaurant in time for my reservation. tell me the car type and contact number for the taxi too.
that is all for today. thank you for your time.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
i want a restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food.
are there any chinese restaurants?
yes, please book it for around 20:00 for 3 people
actually, scratch that, i don't want to book the restaurant. could you give me the phone number for the golden house?
can you give me the address and postcode as well?
no, that's it. thanks a bunch.
i am looking for a place to dine in the centre. can you help me?
light bites, please.
check for portuguese food.
no reservation but can i get the price range, the post code and the address?
yes, i am also looking for a 4 star hotel.
i would like it near the centre.
let's go for the guesthouse please
can you tell me if it has free parking?
please give me their price range and postcode.
i need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 12:30.
yes i will be leaving on tuesday.
tuesday would be ideal for me.
that works, may i please have the reference number?
yes. i need it for 8 people.
great i also need to stay at the university arms hotel
i'm looking for information on a hotel called the lensfield hotel.
ummm...can you book that for me? or do i have to call the hotel myself?
i need to stay for 5 nights. we'll be arriving on monday.
lensfield sounds perfect. i will need 5 nights please.
3 for 5 nights starting wednesday, and i need the reference # then too please
i need a cab by 12:30 too the contact # and car type will be most helpful
yes it is monday, sorry for any confusion
still need a cab by my booked time, 12:30 please
the hotel to the restaurant please
yes, expensive french food for 3 people at 12:30 on monday
i need to make a reservation! an expensive french restaurant 3 people on monday at 12:30, i should have just called myself
the roles are reversed- i need a cab now
thank you that is all i need
i would like to go to a nightclub in the centre.
what is the postcode for soul tree nightclub?
yes. are there any north indian restaurants close to the nightclub?
i would like something cheap.
actually, can you check for a chinese restaurant in the north then?
i was, but since there's no cheap indian food in the north i want to see if there's any cheap chinese in the north.
are there any chinese restaurants that are cheap in the north?
no, i didn't have any other choices.
do you have any cheap chinese restaurants in the centre?
great, can i just get the postcode?
no, that's all i need today. thank you.
hello. i would like some information about the aylesbray lodge guest house.
yes i'd like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting monday. would that be possible?
thats awful,is there any other options for the criteria that i need?
how about 2 nights?
thanks. i also need a train from kings lynn on that day, leaving after 21:45.
great! what is the price and train id?
thank you so much. that is all the help i need today. i appreciate your time.
what's available in the centre, in the way of cheap places to eat?
no preference. would you recommend a restaurant for me?
i think that sounds good. can you go ahead and book that for me? i need it for 1 person on wednesday at 14:00. can i also get that reference number?
great yes please do, can i get the reference number for that?
yes try to book it there and give me the reference number also.
thank you for your help. that will be all i need for now. bye.
i'm planning my trip in cambridge and i need a train. it should arrive by 20:15 and leave on sunday.
i would like to depart from cambridge, and i'm headed to birmingham new street.
that sounds great, could you make the reservation for me?
i need 15 tickets
i need to get the train id.please.
i also need an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
i'm not too picky. can you recommend anything?
can i have the food type, postcode, and address, please?
no thank you, that will be all for today.
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range.
can i have something else?
what is the address?
thank you good bye.
i'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.
i would like to stay in the north part of town.
let's go with a 4 star hotel, i'll need 5 nights for 2 people, starting on friday.
thank you. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant with the same price range as my hotel. can you help me with that?
i would prefer it to be in the north.
yes, please book friday at 16:00 for 2 people. and tell me the reference number
yes, i am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. i need it to arrive in time for dinner.
you've done it all, thanks so much.
i'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, i think she called it the curry prince.
sure, and can you book it for friday at 12:00 for 3 people?
something in the same area and price range would work.
sure thing. i'll need a reference number too.
great. thank you so much.
no that will be all for today. thank you so much for your help.
what is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
thank you goodbye
can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?
i am looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food.
moderate price range please and thank you that will be all
ok sure. i need brassiere
yes, a table for one on wednesday at 20:00.
i will also need a taxi.
i want the taxi to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation there
sorry i need to book a hotel first. do you have a 3 star with free parking in the same area?
do they have wifi?
okay can you tell me the address and price range of the gonville hotel?
thanks. now i can book my taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
no reservation, just a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant arriving by 20:00
thank you that will be all i need
can you find a hotel named worth house for me? thanks.
can you tell me if they have free internet?
i would also like a train that leaves on tuesday and arrive by 14:30.
i will be going from cambridge to bishops stortford.
i need to arrive by 14:30 i don't have a preference on departing time.
hi! i am looking to find information about the cambridge university botanic gardens.
thank you. what area is that in, and what type of attraction is it?
thank you. do you have any good korean restaurants listed?
how about thai food instead?
sala thong will do. i would like to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on saturday.
thank you. that's all i need for today.
greetings, got any british food places in town?
moderate please.
i would like to eat in the centre.
yes, please. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 4 at 15:30?
thank you! i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like it to be in the same price range and area as the restaurant.
sounds good. i'd like to book for 2 nights starting tuesday
i would like it booked for 4 people, please.
that will be all. i appreciate your time. have a good day!
hello i am looking for a train leaving from ely and arriving at cambridge.
monday leaving after 8:00.
yes it will, please book for three and get the reference number
i am also looking to get some indian food.
no i want somewhere cheap in the centre actually
yes. please reserve for 3 people on monday at 11:00 and give me the reference number
that is all i needed, thank you and good day!
good afternoon, can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town centre?
it should be a hotel type hotel not a guesthouse
yes, that sounds good. could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on saturday? i think we'll stay for 3 nights.
great, thank you for your help.
no, that will be all. thank you.
hello, can you recommend an expensive restaurant in cambridge?
i was hoping to find a place that serves indian food.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town.
an expensive indian restaurant in the centre, i will require the address and phone number please.
i'm really looking for an indian restaurant in the expensive price range in the town centre. what can you recommend?
i need an address and phone number for the restaurant.
i am also looking for a place to stay in the same area and same price range.
does one not have free internet?
can you book me at the gonville hotel ? i also need a taxi booked.i need the taxi number and car type.
my apologies, i actually do not need the hotel booked, but i do need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:45.
okay, thank you so much. goodbye.
can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?
i don't care about the area but i need it to be cheap with free wifi.
yes, please. i need four nights starting sunday, for two people.
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe bistro food?
okay. what about one that serves seafood instead?
yes. let's say 15:00 on the same day, with the same group of people.
thanks, lastly, i need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the hotel, i want to get there before the booked time.
thank you, have a nice day.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i need a train to bishops stortford on tuesday that can get me there by 19:30.
can i get the price for that?
when does the train leave bishops stortford, please?
okay, thanks. now could you also help me find a cheap persian restaurant in the centre?
how about asian oriental?
yes book a table for 6 at 16:00 on tuesday please.
ummm reference number please.
thank you so much. you have been a great help.
i don't need anything else. have a great day!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
great. is there one that serves mediterranean food?
let's go with shiraz. i need a booking for 5 at 16:30 on saturday.
i am also looking for a four star hotel.
i want it to be a 4 star guesthouse with free parking and internet
starting saturday for 4 people for 5 nights.
maybe the centre near my restaurant.
is it available on saturday.
yes. please book it for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday
thanks for all the help. that's all i needed today.
i need a guesthouse please.
i would like to stay in the north area.
i am actually looking for a 4 star rating in an expensive price range.
is sure would. can you book a room for 2 people for 2 nights on monday?
i need a reference number for that booking!
wonderful! good bye!
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
i want chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the centre area.
excellent, lets try hk fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on friday.
please, try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on friday.
any other place in the centre, same expensive price range.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i'd like to attend an architecture related attraction in the centre, do you have anything of that nature?
yes that would be great. can you also give me the phone number and entrance fee? thanks
what is the address?
thanks. i am also looking for an expensive place to stay. i'll need free wifi.
in the north, please.
how about something in the north?
let's try the centre of town please
do it also have free parking?
thank you, i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from friday
great, thank you so much for your help today.
no that is it. thank you.
hello, can you help me locate swimming pools on the east side of cambridge?
please provide its phone number.
yes, please. i would like a restaurant in the same area that serves british food.
yes please make a reservation
i'm not sure quite yet. can i please have the phone number and address?
that takes care of what i needed. thanks. have a good day. bye.
hello, i am looking for a museum in cambridge. what museums are there?
i didn't have an area preference so that works.
i also need to book a room in a 2 star hotel.
a hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
yes please. i'll need to for 5 nights starting on saturday for 5 people.
i also need to get a taxi to leave the attraction by 21:30. i need a contact number and car type.
yes thats exactly where i want to go
thank you. that is all i need.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i am looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the centre.
what about an international restaurant?
what's the postcode for that place?
i am looking for a train that will depart from cambridge and will arrive to london liverpool street.
i will be leaving on friday after 08:30.
no, thanks! but how long is the ride?
thank you, that will be all.
i'm looking for some information about places to go in cambridge.
in the west. let me know the attraction type and entrance fee
sounds good, can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and moderately priced?
the same area as the attraction.
how about in the cheap range?
i'd like the finches bed and breakfast guesthouse
yes, please book it and give me the reference number.
on thursday please
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from thursday
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i need to leave the hotel by 22:00.
well thank you that will be all for today
that is all i need.
hi! i need a restaurant that serves chinese food please!
yes. i would like an expensive one please.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. are there any available?
yes please, i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on wednesday. i would also like a reference number please.
that is everything. thanks!
can you help me find a restaurant please?
i want one in the certre area and in the moderate price range.
i don't care what type of food they serve. what would you recommend?
that sounds good, i have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on friday.
can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the centre?
that would work, please book that.
thanks for all your help. good bye.
hello, do you know of any boat attractions in the east of town?
yeah, can i get the entrance fee and postcode?
i can give camboats a call. do you have their phone number?
yes, i'm also looking for a moderately priced italian restaurant preferably in the same area as camboats
yes. there will be 6 of us dining.
monday, 14:15. please include the reference number.
thanks, that'll be it for me today. bye!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
may i have the address and phone number of the italian restaurant?
thank you goodbye.
i need a training heading out from leicester that leaves on thursday.
i would like to go to cambridge and arrive by 12:30.
i don't care what time i leave. i do need the price and train id though.
yes please. i am also looking for a place to eat. are there any restaurants in east cambridge that serve unusual foods?
oh well, thank you anyway.
find me a place to stay. i need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.
any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.
yes, i will also need free parking.
just check moderate price range then please!
yes just for me. for four nights please
i would like my reservations to start on sunday.
i also want a train to take me to ely
thursday, please. i need to leave from cambridge.
yes, i would like to arrive by 20:15.
yes please. i need one ticket.
that was all i needed.
hello, i am looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday.
to broxbourne.
i would like to leave after 17:30.
no thank you but can i get the train id and travel time for that?
i would like to find a hotel that is in the moderate price range in the centre.
thank you. i'd like to book a room for myself on friday, for four nights.
wonderful. thank you for all of your help!
no thank you. you've been very helpful.
i would like a restaurant in the south in the expensive range.
i would like a chinese restaurant.
let's try the peking restaurant, can you make a reservation for us on monday? around 13:45 please.
it will be 6 people dining.
yes. i'm looking for something to do while i'm in town.
in the same area as the restaurant? i am interested in architecture please
perhaps you could locate a park in the south?
could you call and find out what hours they open and close? also, if they have tours?
no that is all i need for today.
i am looking for moderately-priced three-star guesthouse in cambridge.
it doesn't need to have free parking and i don't care about the internet. which guesthouse can accommodate for 3 people?
i would like to call them myself please. thank you.
yes please. can i actually have you book them? i need the reference number as well.
i'll need the reservation for 3 people starting saturday for 4 nights.
thank you, i will also need a train from peterborough to cambridge on saturday. is there anything available?
i wish to arrive before 12:45.
saturday from peterborough to cambridge for 3 people. i will need the reference number too please.
it doesn't matter when i leave, as long as i arrive by 12:45.
yes, for the same group of 3 people from before.
no i think that will be it, thank you for your help!
hi i'd like to find a hotel to stay in. somewhere with free wi-fi.
i would like to keep it cheap if possible and something 4 star rated please.
yes, please. it is for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 7 people.
no, that's all i need. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a cheap place to eat.
no, i just want to try something new. could you suggest a couple of less common cuisines?
yes, reserve a table for two on thursday
at 14:00 please
yes, i also need a train departing from bishops stortford going to cambridge.
i will be traveling on thursday, the same as the restaurant reservation.
it doesn't really matter, but i need to be there by 9:30. so, the closest i can get to that will be good.
no thank you, but could you let me know the length of travel and the price of the train tickets?
that is all i wanted for today. thanks
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town.
is there anything else? can i have the address and phone number please?
are there any other restaurants in that price range and part of town?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
find me a modern european restaurant in the south.
is it in the moderate price range?
yes, book for 7 people at 15:30 on friday please.
well how about 14:30 then?
do you know where castle galleries is
what is the post code, area of town, and type of attraction?
i also need a taxi, to go between the two places.
i would like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking.
no thanks. i think that was all. have a good day. bye.
i'm looking for places to go in town
what's the best place to go on the east side of town?
okay what is the entrance fee?
i need a really cheap hotel with a 4 star rating
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting from friday.
that's great, thanks! that's all i needed!
all the help i needed. bye, thanks.
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre, can you look this up for me?
not in terms of that, but do they have free parking and have a 3 star rating?
okay, i'd like to book a room at the gonville hotel for 4 nights. there will be 6 people and we will be arriving on saturday.
yes, what about 2 nights instead of 4?
no, that looks like everything. thanks. bye.
hi, can you help me find a moderately priced 3-star accomadation?
i do not need internet.
i don't, which do you recommend?
sure, book it for 1 person and 2 nights, starting from wednesday.
that's all i needed. thanks!
i would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town, please.
i would like indian food please.
is there anything else?
what is there phone number?
no, thank you. goodbye.
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food.
yes, how about portuguese food?
it doesn't matter.
i would like the address of nandos restaurant, please.
thank you, goodbye.
hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town?
no
are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town? if so, what is the address, phone number and post code?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a pricey indian place. i wanna show off to my date.
how about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a friday.
can you try booking it for 15:45 instead?
thank you very much, that is all for now. goodbye.
i want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.
something moderate would be preferred.
what about a moderate hotel located in the north?
no other preferences. can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting friday
great i am also looking to go to a museum.
no, i don't have any preference, other than it's a museum. could you pick one and give me the area and postcode please?
yes, i need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by 13:45.
no that was it. thank you!
i need a cheap place to dine please.
i don't care about the type of food. i need a reservation for wednesday night.
is dojo noodle bar in the centre of town? i need something in that area, please.
the reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on wednesday evening. do they have a table then?
no. it needs to be t 17:00. another restaurant in the same area and price range would work.
thanks so much. that's all i needed.
i am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but i would like it to be cheap.
yes, the east part of town.
as long as it has free parking, we are good to go!
yes and can i get a postcode?
i am not sure on the day yet, however am looking for a train to goes to broxbourne.
i would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by 20:00.
yes, for six people, please. and i'd like the reference number.
thank you, that is everything that i need.
i would like to know more about rosa's b&b
okay great. can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?
yes, do you have a different cheap hotel available?
just please can you find a place in the same price range. i'll need a reference number please.
thank you so much!
do you have information about the lovell lodge?
what is the postcode for the lovell lodge, please? i want to determine the location.
no that'll do it. thanks so much for your help.
i need a train that leaves on monday from cambridge
norwich. i'd like to leave after 17:30
yes please book that for 5 people.
i need a restaurant that serves catalan food and it should be in the west.
is there another high-end restaurant in the west area that you can recommend?
yes, please.
i don't really like indian food. are there any expensive british restaurants in the west?
i don't really have a preference. which one would you recommend?
yes, i would like a table.
the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and i need the reference number
that's all thanks
hello. i'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the north part of cambridge. are there any?
i'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.
sure, i need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on monday please.
would you mind finding some info on a train into cambridge for me?
yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on monday. i would like to leave after 19:30.
yes, please. can you book me 4 tickets?
i will also need a place to stay.
i also need a train from bishops stafford to cambridge.
yes please, for 4 people. how about the tr8167 please.
i also need a hotel booking.
i'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.
i would prefer the centre.
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
you too and thanks again
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
the north part of town please. are there any guesthouses?
great! could you book one of those for sunday for me?
how about just 1 night?
i really need a room for 4 people on sunday.
i need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights. i need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
try hotels in the north, then.
ok, can you try for just 1 night please?
i also am looking to dine out. something european, and expensive.
nearest the hotel will be fine, i also need a cab after the restaurant
i would like to go back to the hotel after eating
i would like to book the city stop restaurant for 4 people on sunday at 15:45. i need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.
i also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?
that is all. thank you! you were so helpful!
hello, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.
i don't care
are there any other options?
yes, please give me the phone number, address, and postcode.
what is the postcode again?
thank you, goodbye
can i get a place to go which is a collage?
no place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode
please also find me information about warkworth house
yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, i am taking the wife out for a surprise trip.
thank you very much. i think that's all i need today.
i'm looking for an attraction in the centre.
yes, i would like to go to a college with free admission.
what is that college's postcode? i'm also hungry and want somewhere to eat.
can you give me the postcode for christ's college?
yes, i'd like to find a cheap chinese restaurant.
yes please book it for monday at 11:15
it will just be a table for one. go ahead and book it
i also need a taxi that will arrive by the booking time.
great, that's all i need...thanks so much! have a great day!
i need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking.
i am looking for a guesthouse type please.
yes please, and let try the north part of town.
i don't have a preference.
if the acorn guest house has free wifi, please book it for me.
starting sunday for 3 nights and 6 people.
yes, lets try a different hotel in the same price range.
only if it has free parking.
thank you, so much. that is everything i need.
i am looking for a hotel located in cambridge called the huntingdon marriott hotel. can you find some information on it?
sound nice. can you book 2 nights for me starting monday? there are 8 of us.
i will need 4 rooms for 2 nights. if the two nights doesn't work, then 1 night will work. could i have the reference number of the booking?
can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?
i will do modern european food
let's do the riverside brasserie. what about a table for 3 at 15:00 on saturday?
great i also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.
i would like to leave on a sunday.
i want to arrive by 11:15.
yes, please. include the reference number please
no that is all. thank you. goodbye
i'm looking for a posh british restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?
any location is fine, ill go with whatever you recommend, please book me for 7 people on monday at 11:00
may i have the reference number?
i also need a train leaving on wednesday.
departing from cambridge and going to london liverpool street. leaving wednesday and want to arrive by 09:45.
i would like the train that gets me there close to 9:45.
oh, it's the same group of people from the restaurant. can i get the reference number?
thank you so much!
nope, that'll be all for today. thanks!
i am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the moderate price range.
could you check again in the centre of town?
yes could you search for italian food instead?
great. can you reserve a table for 5 at fen ditton? sunday at 12:00 would be great.
thank you! also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 5.
well then yes, 3 stars would be ok.
area doesn't matter. you can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting sunday.
that is all, thank you for your help.
hi i want a train to ely arrived by 13:45, can you help me do that?
any time is fine as long as it's on saturday.
yes, please. i will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.
that is correct.
i also need a thai restaurant in the moderate price range.
what about a restaurant that serves european food? i'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.
just european food in general, please.
sounds lovely. thank you so much for all of your help!
is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food?
how about thai?
great, what is the address and phone number for bangkok city?
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.
no, just have to be in the east.
yes, i need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights please.
i need the room starting on friday, please.
awesome. thank you. can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the centre of town?
yes. please make a suggestion.
sounds great. can you book a taxi to the church for me? i want to leave the hotel by 5:45.
that would be it and thanks a lot
i want to find information on a restaurant called wagamama.
sure i would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at 18:00 on tuesday.
yes i also want to find a mutliple sports attraction in the town centre.
how about a museum?
yes, that sounds great. can you give me the address please.
no, that will be all. thank you!
i need to book a train on friday
i want to get to cambridge by 10:15.
i am departing from bishops stortford.
no but i also need and expensive restraint in the center area.
molecular gastronomy
yes, please try italian food.
that would be great, could you get me the phone number, address, and postcode please?
i definitely want italian food, please.
phone number, address and postcode please
that is all thank you.
good day to you as well. again, thank you so much. good-bye.
hello. i'm looking for a few good places to see in town on my next visit to cambridge.
no, i need something in the western part of town.
what would you recommend? i don't have a preference.
is it near the hobsons house hotel?
actually, the college sounds great. i don't need more info. but i would love a taxi to get me from queens college to hobsons house. i want to leave by 16:30.
it doesn't matter.
perfect! that's all i need today, thank you!
i'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the south side.
sounds good can i make a booking for 7 people at 14:00 on saturday?
beautiful, just need some info on the express by holiday inn cambridge.
yeah i want to book that hotel too. for the same group of people.
i will need thursday at 17:00 please.
4 nights, please. reference number, please.
great, that will do it, i appreciate your help today. thank you.
is there a place to stay in the north area of town? can it have free wifi access too?
i'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must.
do they have free parking?
can i have the phone number and what is the price range?
no thanks. but can you help me find a train into cambridge for wednesday please?
ely is where i will be leaving from.
i'm sorry, i will actually be leaving norwich. i need to arrive by 21:15.
no thank you that will be all
can you tell me about a particular hotel called the avalon?
actually, could you book a room for me? i need it for 2 people, 5 nights. we'll arrive on wednesday.
yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the north.
do any of these places serve vietnamese food?
can you please try french food instead?
yes please for two people at 16:15 on wednesday please if its not too much trouble.
thats all for today thanks !
i need to find a cheap place to eat.
we would prefer vietnamese please. in the west area?
yes i would like a table for 7 people on monday at 13:15
can you try 12:15 on monday?
thank you i also need a train on tuesday leaving after 17:30
i am leaving from cambridge and headed to stevenage. i would like to leave after 17:30 please.
yes. please book that for me. thanks so much!
just one ticket, please.
thank you, what is the arrival time?
can you tell me when that train will be arriving in stevenage?
i think that about does it. thanks for the help today.
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.
there are no expensive french restaurants in the west?
what about an expensive place that serves british food?
let's try the graffiti. i need their phone number, address, and the post code please.
thanks. i also need a train ticket. the train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to cambridge please.
i am departing from ely.
the train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.
di you find me a train?
i'm in the north area of town and need to get a room to stay in.
sorry. i'm actually looking for some type of attraction i can go to up in the north. any suggestions?
how about your favorite? what type is that?
yes, what type of attraction is this? also, could i get the address and postcode?
i think that is all. thanks
can you suggest some places to dine?
i'd like indonesian food if it's available.
please check to see if there are any restaurants that serve modern european food.
any restaurant you recommend is fine. i just need the address, postcode, and phone number.
ok, can i have the address, postcode, and phone number please?
im also looking for a 4 star hotel. it needs to have free parking.
i don't have a preference for an area. i will need free wifi, now that i think about it.
thanks. that sounds good. can you give me the area it's in?
no booking just yet, but i do want to know the price range and phone number please
that is everything that i need.
what can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
thank you! what part of town is it in?
yes and also looking for a train. the train should leave after 13:15 and should depart from cambridge
i won't need to book a table but thank you. for the train i need to leave monday and am headed towards peterborough.
first can i have the price and what the travel time is?
can you book it for me?
i'm not sure how many yet. thank you for all the information. i'll get back to you. goodbye.
i need a train that is leaving after 11:30
i'm nowhere near london kings cross though. what about birmingham new street?
what's the travel time and train id for that one?
great. could you please get me some information on a particular attraction called the fitzwilliam museum?
i just need adress for the museum,thank you
thank you can you help me find a restaurant too?
yes, i would like to eat at a chinese restaurant.
actually i am just looking for an attraction called the fitzwilliam museum.
i just need the address please.
no, i'm all set.
hi i am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of cambridge.
which one has free parking?
do both also have free wifi? if so, can you book the guest house.
what is the star rating of the hotel?
i am also looking for a pizza hut.
i need the address, type of food, and price range for the fen ditton location, please.
i would like a taxi to commute between the two places please.
i'd like to leave by 22:15, please.
that's incorrect. i need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:15 and takes me back to the hotel.
okay wonderful. thanks for all your help.
i need to take a train, i want to leave on wednesday after 11:00.
from broxbourne to cambridge.
arrival time doesn't matter as long as i leave after 11:00.
i just need information right now. would you choose a train leaving after 11:00? i need the train id, arrival time and price, please.
thank you , can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre?
i want the restaurant to be expensive.
i trust your opinion. please book a table at saffron brasserie for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.
thank you so much. that was everything i needed!
i have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead?
yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on sunday?
can i get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced?
that sounds amazing. please try to book that for me.
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i will bee a hotel called hobsons house.
i would just like some general information before i book, what area is it in?
that's good. book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting tuesday.
i'm also looking for a train leaving from cambridge.
am going to stansted airport
i need to arrive at the airport by 14:45 on saturday.
saturday, please. i will need the departure time, train id, and price.
not right now. thanks for all your help though.
yes, i need a taxi please.
nevermind. i will not need the taxi after all. thank you for all your help. please book a seat on tr6193 for me.
thank you for your help today !
no, that's all i need today. thank you. good-bye.
i need a train from cambridge on sunday.
i am thinking the morning would be better for me.
i'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to peterborough.
yes please make a booking for 4 people.
just need the four tickets.
i also need information on a hotel called hobsons house.
no thank you. i just need their phone number for now.
yes, that is all i will be needing for now.
i need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.
i don't mind the area.
what's the address there, please.
i need to go eat
yes, i'd like something cheap in the centre.
i don't have a preference for food. anything is fine. just cheap and in the centre.
book table for 3 saturday at 19:30 and need reference number. i want a taxi to go between the guesthouse and restaurant in time for reservation. contact number & car type?
thank you! no, i just need to get a taxi that arrives before my reservation time, please.
i will be leaving the hotel
thank you so much for your help. i think that's all i need right now.
thanks so much! have a great day!
can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the centre of town?
i want one that's 0 stars.
that sounds good. please go ahead.
i would like the reservation for 5 nights.
one person starting wednesday. need the reference number and also looking for a cuban restaurant in the expensive price range.
in the centre please.
ok thankyou, will figure out what to do
i am looking for a place to get a boat. can you help me?
no, i don't have any preference. you can just pick whichever one looks best and give me the phone number, address, and area.
great! i also need a hotel while i am there. i do need free parking but internet is optional.
i would like a three star hotel, do not care about price.
yes that sounds fine. i would like to book a reservation please.
can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 7 people?
yes, i also need to get a taxi to go between them, please.
i need to leave the hotel by 5:00.
thank you very much for helping me today!
hello, can you help me find a train going to london kings cross?
on monday, from cambridge.
i'd like to leave after 15:45, please.
can i get the travel time for that as well?
i want a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre, please.
yes, please. is there a restaurant with indian food?
i'll take whichever one you recommend. i just need the phone number, postcode & address please.
yes, i apologize but can you give me the arrival time for train tr7786?
i think that's everything i need. thank you very much.
i'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
thank you. i also need a place to eat in the city centre.
i'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.
what is the phone number, address, and postcode?
can you please help me get a taxi?
i want to leave the hotel by 08:15 going to the restaurant.
that's all for now. thank you for all your help.
what is a good tourist spot?
actually, i was looking for italian food in the moderate price range.
it really doesn't matter.
go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on sunday at 14:15. thanks.
is 13:15 available?
i am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.
i'm looking to get to cambridge on sunday by 10:45
yes. could you make a booking for 2 people? i need a reference number as well.
great that's all i needed, thanks.
i'm so tired. really need a place to lay my head for the nights. can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?
does the lensfield hotel include parking?
yes please book that for 6 people starting thursday for 5 nights? i need the reference number as well.
yes please, i need a trains going to london liverpool street.
i'll be leaving cambridge on tuesday and need to arrive by 13:15.
no, that seems to be everything. thank you.
yes you can help me i need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range.
yes east part of town
could you make me a reservation for thursday for 4 nights?there will be 5 people.
yes please check them for me.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i'd like to find a college to visit in the center of town.
you can choose one for me and give me the address.
thank you! can you also help me find a place to stay with free wifi?
moderate price range thank you
i would prefer the north please.
that will be fine. i'll need to book for saturday, 3 nights, and 1 person.
actually one more thin, i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, i want to leave at 09:45.
no that will be it for today.
could you help me finding some place to eat for dinner?
no i'm trying to find an attraction near town centre, preferably near a college.
not really. which college would you suggest i visit?
do they have a phone number?
yes, may i please have the full address with postcode for emmanuel college?
yes, i also need the postcode, area, and food type for a place called royal standard.
thank you! have a great day!
no, i don't need anything else. goodbye
i am planning a trip to cambridge and need to find a place to stay.
i need someplace cheap near the center of town. free wifi and free parking are a must.
let's book el shaddai for 4 people for 2 nights starting sunday. can you please send me the reference number?
i will also need a train departing from cambridge.
i need a train on tuesday from cambridge to london kings cross that arrives by 8:30.
no, that's ok. can i get the latter train's id, departure time, and how long the trip is?
great, thanks. i think that's all i need. thank you for all of your help.
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? thanks.
i would like some sushi
are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?
no thank you. what is the postcode?
i also need train tickets.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.
cambridge and it will be early unless it rains
i'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, i'd like to leave after 12:45.
yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.
no, that's all i need today. thank you so much.
hi, i need a place to stay. something expensive on the north side.
how about any part of town with free parking and free wifi?
is there something in the cheap price range?
yes please. i'll need the phone number and hotel type please.
that's all i need. thank you.
i need to book a train
it will depart from cambridge on tuesday.
i need to get to ely by 19:00
no i need to know the departure time for that ride.
yes, i'd like to find an indian restaurant in the west area also please.
is it in the moderate price range?
i'd like a booking for meghna for 5 people at 10:45 on the same day, please. and include the reference number.
thank you. my visit is set with your help. have a nice day. goodbye.
i would like some information of the restaurant called royal standard.
no. what area is royal standard in?
great. can you get me a phone number and postcode?
please book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday.
thank you. i also need a place to stay in the south. it doesn't need to have free parking, but i do need free wifi.
no, just needs to be in the south
yes, please for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
no, thank you. have a good day.
i'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
i don't really have a price range in mind. what's your favorite place?
nah, i'll get that later. can you book a table there, though? 3 people on sunday at 15:30.
yes, i also need a place to stay with free parking.
i just need to find a hotel for sunday for 3 people. the stay should be two nights. please give me the reference number too.
i also need a taxi to get me between the two places.
could you please do that?
i want to make sure it gets me to the restaurant for the reservation from the hotel.
that is great. thank you for your help.
are there any high end restaurants within the centre of town?
no i do not can you recommend one please?
that would be perfect if it is in expensive range. i need to book it for sunday.
there will be 6 of us. 16:15, if possible.
yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the stansted airport on monday?
i will go from cambridge to stansted airport.
i will need to arrive by 19:00 on monday.
yes, please give me the price.
thank you that is all i need.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range.
i don't care. any type of food will be fine.
i need to find a train leaving cambridge on wednesday.
i am looking to go to norwich.
the train should arrive by 21:30
that sounds goo. can you book for 4 people?
i am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town.
yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on wednesday?
that's it. thank you for your help.
i need to find a hotel with free wifi to stay at. can you help me?
i would like a 1 star hotel.
ok, try a 4 star hotel.
the area doesn't matter. if you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 4 store hotel; that would be fine.
yes, can you recommend a college i could visit while i am there?
that sounds good. can i get their phone number and address please?
um, how about the address too please?
hello any restaurants suggestions ? i am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.
could i please have more information about the west? is it an actual hotel or a guesthouse?
okay may i get the price range for those hotels with the postcode also?
thank you. i'm also looking for for a place to dine, i'd prefer an expensive place please.
italian food please in the cheap price range
in the centre please. and make it portuguese. i don't care about price. i have no idea where i got the idea of cheap italian from, smh.
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any portuguese places that are expensive?
in that case what about french?
i'd rather the one in the center. what is it called?
that sounds good. can you get me the address, post code and phone number, please?
no thank you i do not need reservations.
i am looking to eat at an expensively priced mexican place. can you help me?
that sounds great! i need to book for 3 people on friday at 19:30. i will need a reference number.
ok, thank you so much!
yes, i need a place to stay. it needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.
i need it to be cheap with free wifi.
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.
yes, i would like to book a taxi.
from the cambridge belfry to chiquito restaurant bar. we won't be fit to drive!
i would like to arrive before 19:30.
no, that will be all. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a casual sri lankan restaurant.
what about european?
i need one in the moderate price range.
i don't have a preference. surprise me.
that sounds good. do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on saturday evening? if yes, please book and send the reference number.
yes, please. i need it to be in the same area and moderate price range.
great, thanks. i'm all through here. you've been a great help.
i'm looking for a train. i need to leave from cambridge on tuesday and go to leicester.
yes, i need to arrive by 8:45.
yes, can i get 6 tickets please and i'll need the reference number too
i am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.
i do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best!
i'd prefer a hotel. can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?
starting saturday, either place is fine if available.
yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?
that is all i need. thank you for your help! goodbye!
i want to check out a museum
the area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?
what is the entrance fee there?
sweet!. can you give me informatin on a place called home from home?
thank you! can i also have the address, please?
great. thanks! i also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that?
i would like to be picked up from the hotel by 06:30
that's all, thanks a lot.
thank you, have a nice day!
i am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
i don't really care, not really picky.
yes adress and phone number please
can i get the post code as well please?
i need reservations for 7 people at 17:30 on friday.
can you also find me a place to stay that includes free wifi and in the same price range as the restaurant?
it doesn't matter, as long as it is a guesthouse and includes free parking.
are you sure there are no moderately priced guesthouses with parking and wifi in all of cambridge? that seems unlikely to me
i would like it moderate priced and make sure it is a guest house please.
it's for 5 nights for 7 people on friday.
thanks, that about does it for me today. have a good one, bye!
i am looking for an expensive italian restaurant.
sounds good. could you book me a reservation for 8, friday, at 16:15?
maybe 15:15 work work then. could you try that?
great, thanks! can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 11:45?
yes, i do. i'll be taking the train into cambridge.
that would be perfect! please make a booking for 8 people.
great! that is all i need today.
hi, i'm looking for a 4 star place that offers free wifi.
no particular area but it should have free parking too.
yes, that does sound good. can you book a room for 7 people for me for 3 nights starting from sunday?
great, thanks. i need also a chinese restaurant in moderate price range?
the location doesn't matter. i just need a chinese restaurant that is moderately priced. thanks.
please do. i want it for 7 people on sunday at 16:00. please provide the reference number
that is all for today. thanks for all your help. have a great day!
i need a train leaving from leicester on thursday. thanks.
i need to arrive in cambridge
okay. could you make me a booking for 2 people please?
can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the centre of town?
just to make sure, tr3839 leaves after 10:00 correct? i cannot leave before then. as far as cuisine type, chinese sounds good.
no thank you. i just need the postcode please.
yes i will be hungry i need a place to eat
sorry, i don't need a reservation. that's all i need, thanks so much for your help!
how much does it cost to take the bus in cambridge?
i will be traveling to london.
i am also looking for a hotel in the west side of cambridge. can you help me?
i want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. if no internet, what about free wifi?
are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? with or without internet?
are there any hotels where the wifi doesn't cost extra?
no, it just needs to include parking and wifi
i would appreciate it if you could tell me which hotel includes free wifi and free parking. thanks.
any price range. be a hotel, has free parkin. get me the address too
that would be great. what's the area?
no, thank you. that is all the information i needed today.
i need info on some attractions
just get me the phone number of any that you will recommend
yes, i would also like information about the express by holiday inn cambridge
yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting friday.
i just wanted to confirm that the attraction you recommended is located in the east part of town. i forgot to mention that.
no thanks for all of your help
nope thats everything thanks
hi there. i could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.
price doesn't really matter. i would like free parking though.
yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.
what about 3 nights?
i also need a train.
i will be leaving cambridge headed to birmingham new street.
i need to leave on sunday after 16:00 please.
yes, please! and i'll need the reference number.
thank you very much for your help.
that will be everything, thank you.
okay good bye.
i am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after 11:00 to cambridge.
i will be departing from london kings cross and want to leave on monday.
perfect. i'd like to be on that train. tr572, is that the train id?
ok, great thanks. could you also give me information on a restaurant called la mimosa?
yes please book it for seven people on the same day also please give me a reference number
i would like the reservation for 20:00.
la mimosa restaurant for 7 people at 15:15 on monday. can you please send me the reference number?
thank you, that is all i need at this time.
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. can you help me find something moderately priced?
are there any with a 5 star rating?
are there any with a 4 star rating?
nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. could you book a room starting saturday for 3 nights, 5 people?
thank you so much, that is all i need.
please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. thanks.
i would prefer danish food, please.
lebanese food would be great.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
please book for 2 people on thursday at 18:00.
can i get the phone, address and post code of the restaurant please?
thanks. i am also looking for a train going to cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 10:00.
i will be departing from broxbourne and will be leaving on friday.
that would work. i'd like 1 ticket, please.
thanks for the help, that's all
i need a particular hotel please.
i don't know. but i do know the name of the hotel. it's the lensdield hotel. i must book that exact hotel. it is important.
yes for the weekend
no i want to book starting on wednesday for 2 people for 2 nights
yes. please try to make a reservation in the same price range.
no, that's it! i appreciate your help!
i'm looking for attractions in the east, can you help me?
not exactly. something that is popular. with and address please.
not today, i just need to get a train that will arrive by 08:45 in cambridge
i'm departing from ely on sunday.
okay, could you book that for 5 people?
no that is all i need today. thank you for your help.
hello, i am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
cheap price and north part of town
let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday
i also need a train
my plan is to depart from cambridge this saturday.
i'm going to london liverpool street. i want my train to leave after 14:45.
yes, that's perfect. can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number.
great, thanks for your help!
looking for barbeque food.
how about gastropub?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
a cheap one with wifi, please.
yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
no, i would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what hotel could accomidate me?
actually, could you shorten that to one night?
please, book the holiday inn cambridge, and i need the reference number. also, i am looking to book a train the same day from birmingham new street to cambridge leaving after 18:30.
can you try the hotel with a 1 night stay on the same day?
yes, i need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
i want it to leave after 18:30.
no, but i would like to know the arrival time for the train fitting my criteria.
thank you for your assistance.
no, that will be all. thank you so much! have a good day.
hello, i'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. what do you suggest?
how about chinese food?
thank you. i am also looking to book a train which leaves on sunday after 21:15.
i'll be going to broxbourne from cambridge.
yes can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?
great that was all i needed today, thank you for your help
i'd like a european food place in the west please.
yes, please. i would like a table for 2 on thursday at 20:00.
yes, please. and then i will need you to help me find a place to stay.
actually, either is fine. but i would like something moderately priced that offers free wifi.
what amenities does the ashley hotel have? i need free parking, free wifi, and 4 stars.
yes please search for something that is four stars.
no, i would like for it to be 4 stars. is there another area you can check?
okay, how about a 3 star?
i would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a guesthouse works for me
i don't really have a preference. can you recommend one?
i need their info. address and phone number.
yes, i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, please. i need to get there by the reservation time.
thnks alot. you have been of help
i just need the contact number for the taxi, please.
no, that should be all for today.
i like you no problem.
can you give me some information on the bloomsbury restaurant?
perfect. can i get a confirmed table for 2 at 16:15 on wednesday? i'll need some sort of reference number too please.
fantastic. i also want to check out some nightclubs in town.
it needs to be in the centre area, please.
i need phone number of either and a taxi to commute between the two places
can i also have the address of the nightclub?
great, thanks. i need a cab to get me to and from by the booked time. i also need the contact # & car type too please
ok, that's all i needed, thanks!
i'm looking for a hotel called acorn guest house
yes i would like to book that for 3 nights from saturday for 7 people.
no thanks. i just need to book the room.
can you find me a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range?
i want to double check, is la tasca in the centre of town?
no thank you, i just need the post code. phone number and address please.
thanks that's all i needed to know today.
hi. i'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town. i'd like the hotel to have free parking.
yes. i would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 4.
yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from thursday.
what about for 3 nights? also can i get a reference number if it is available?
i'm also looking for places to go. is there a boat in the same area as the hotel?
can i please have its address?
i'd like to book a taxi to go between the boat and the hotel.
i need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel. i want to leave the riverboat at 04:00.
can i have a contact number for the taxi?
thanks so much. that's all i need today.
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
what is there phone number?
is there anything else i can help you with
yes, that is all i needed to know. thank you.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food.
yes do you have british type food?
i don't care.
may i have the phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant can you help?
i would like indian food please. i need it to be cheaply priced as well.
can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on wednesday , we can try the one in the north and see if anything is available.
thanks. i also wanted to find a museum to visit in the centre area.
sounds great! do they have an entrance fee?
excellent! what is the address?
thanks! you've helped so much. have a good day. bye.
i want to find an expensive restaurant
something in the south part of town would be great. any cuisine is fine.
yes, please.
yes, please.
thank you goodbye.
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town.
i don't care.
ok, what are they?
could i get the address of one of them?
thank you, goodbye.
yes, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
no, maybe you could book me at your favorite for saturday? there will be 8 of us, at 17:30.
great, thanks so much!
no that was all i needed thanks for the help. have a great day.
need a place to eat european food, expensive too.
yes, the centre of town please.
yes book it for 6 people at 19:45 on friday.
excellent. i'm also interested in the train schedule. are there any that leave cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by 8:15?
i am going to bishops storford
what's the price and travel time?
that would great , and please get me the train id, price, and travel time
no, i don't need a reservation at this time. thank you, you've given me all the help i need today.
hi, i'm looking for a train to cambridge on monday
sure. i'm leaving from kings lynn sometime after 12:45 on monday. do you have anything?
that will work. can you book 7 tickets for that one please?
great i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town
it should serve italian food.
ok no problem. is there a place that serves indian food instead?
that sounds great. may i have the address and phone number for the tandoori palace, please?
thank you. that is all that i need.
hi, i am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. i do need help with some other places to go in town while i am there though.
i would say let's look for an attraction first. can you recommend something to do in the south part of town?
i will go with whatever you recommend, i just need the attraction type and postcode.
no, but i would like to find a cheap priced south african restaurant.
try portuguese then.
i would rather be in the south area.
can you book a table for me there on thursday at 12:15?
3 people will be dining. please give me a reference number once you finish the reservation
thanks so much for putting up with me! you've been great!
hi! i'm looking for information on the rice house restaurant.
yes, i'll also need their address please.
great, thank you. thanks for the info. have a good rest of your day.
no, i have all the information i need. thank you.
hello! i would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.
moderate price please
i would like to try the italian one. what is the restaurant's name, please?
can i get the address, postcode too, please?
thanks a lot that would be all.
i'm looking for some moderately priced accommodations for my visit. can you help me with that?
no, but i'd like to stay in a 4 star hotel that offers free parking.
no, but are there any that are less expensive?
i'm sorry, i actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. are there any moderately priced 4 star hotels?
are there any cheap hotels?
that sounds fine, i just need the postcode though.
thank you, can you also tell me about places to go in the centre?
anything is fine as long as it is in the centre.
how about a college to visit?
great! can you get me their phone number and postcode?
that is all i need. thank you.
i would like to stay at a guesthouse while i'm in cambridge. it doesn't need to have internet.
no thanks - not yet. does it have free parking?
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side
yes, i do need to book a room.
actually, i'll book later. can you help me find a train though?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. i am going to stevenage
i'll be leaving on sunday.
yes please book it for 1 ticket. i'll also need a reference number.
thanks so much! could i get the phone number for the acorn guesthouse?
no, thank you. i'd just like to have the information for now.
that is all i need.
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.
how about mediterranean food?
what is the address and phone number of one of them?
thank you goodbye.
i need a place to stay in the north please.
i don't want to have to pay for parking.
for 3 people starting on wednesday and staying 2 nights.
just a guesthouse in the north with free parking. i'll need a reference number then too please.
that's all i need today. thanks! bye!
i would like to book a popular, cheap restaurant.
i'm sorry i need to find the information for parkside police station.
that was all. thanks
i'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after 15:00
i will be leaving cambridge.
i will be leaving on saturday.
great! can you book 2 tickets on that train, please?
thanks! i'm also looking for a restaurant named efes restaurant.
no that's okay. i have 2 tickets on tr8522 that leaves out of cambridge at 15:01 for 28.64 gbp reference number crj5bqkh.
no thank you, that is everything.
i would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while i'm in cambridge. thanks.
it can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.
i would like a moderate price range.
i'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what i'm looking for?
yes i would like you to book it for me
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
thanks for your help. i appreciate.
no that is it for now. thanks for helping
i was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. some entertainment would be great.
it doesn't matter. can i have the address of a good one?
could i also get the phone number and postcode?
yes, i need a restuarant. i want something on the south side. expensive.
indian food is my favorite! what's the address for the best one?
could you check one more time? restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves indian food?
can you check again for a 3rd time? i really want to eat indian food.
do you have any indian restaurants in the south in a different price range?
thank you. may i have the address?
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
also, thanks for the apology. i don't need anything else at this time.
i would like to visit the theatre.
i do not have a preference. i do need the address, postcode and phone number of a theatre.
yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for cambridge arts theatre. i also need to find a hotel to stay in.
i would like to stay in the moderate price range and i will need free parking.
i want it to be a guesthouse
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i actually don't need it booked, i just need the address.
thanks now i need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:30 going to the theatre.
i will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the cambridge arts theatre.
nope i think that's it for now. thanks much and have a great rest of your day!
i am looking for an attraction called williams art and antiques.
what is their postcode?
thank you, i am also looking for an italian restaurant in the centre.
i would like an expensive restaurant.
for 7 people at 11:15 on saturday, please.
caffe uno will be fine. yes, i'll need to reserve a table on saturday. it will be at 11:15 for 7 people.
great i also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 11:15
can i have a reference number for the restaurant?
i also need a taxi.
can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? thank you for your assistance.
nevermind, i wrote the info down. i'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. thanks for your help!
can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre?
how about british?
moderate sounds good. can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on monday at 18:00?
great! thank you for the reference number ga03mu3u. goodbye.
find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.
could you tell me if the lensfield hotel has at least a 4 star rating?
i see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?
how about a hotel in the cheap price range?
yes i would like to make a booking.
you know i also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.
lets go with the lucky star. i need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on friday.
i would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type
nope, that is all. thank you very much.
i'm looking for an entertainment attraction please.
the area doesn't matter
that sounds great, yes please may i have their phone number and postcode?
thanks for that. please find me a welsh restaurant in the center
how about international food?
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 19:30 on wednesday
no, that's it. thank you so much.
i am looking for some restaurant recommendations.
i would like some middle eastern food, preferably in the cheap price range. i'd also like to be in the centre.
no, not really. how about indian food instead of middle eastern?
no just the address, postcode and phone number of the one you recommend.
i also need a place to stay. i need somewhere that is a guesthouse and includes free parking.
area does not matter but something with 4 stars.
is limehouse 4 stars?
can you give me the phone number and price range?
i can do that myself. thank you for the information.
have a wonderful day!
i'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.
iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant.
that would be great. i need to for 2 people at 13:00 on tuesday. can you provide the reference number for the reservation?
thank you, that's all i need. good bye.
i'm looking to get on a train on saturday.
i'm leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in cambridge by 09:30.
perfect. can you book that for me for 3 people?
i also need a hotel in the east.
hello! i am looking for places to go in the centre of town. can you help me with that?!
i'd like to go to a theatre.
yes, i just need to get the address and postcode for the theatre.
yes, i'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi.
the huntingdon marriot hotel sounds great. could you please give me the postcode?
can i get a taxi to take me between the two places?
i want to leave the theater by 17:30
not at all.
thank you, goodbye.
i need help finding a train out of kings lynn.
my destination is cambridge and i need to be there by 11:30.
yes, i need to book that for 8 people. can i have the reference number?
is the system back up? can you make that booking i asked for.?
i want to travel on friday.
thank you! can you also please recommend a 4-star guesthouse?
sure that sounds great. i need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on friday.
no that would be it thanks !
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
how about turkish food?
i do not care
address, please.
thank you goodbye
need to know the train schedule from leicester to cambridge
how about on monday? any train leaving after 19:00?
please book that one for 7 people.
i also need a place to stay in the east area.
i would like a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on friday.
no, that will be all. thank you!
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
maybe i should figure out my train first. i am departing from ely on friday and want to get to cambridge by 9:30.
yes, please. i will need 5 tickets.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the west and really want to have brazilian food.
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
can you see if there are any expensive european food?
yes please, 5 people on friday at 13:30
i think that should be it for today! thank you so much for your help, you've been very kind!
have a great day.
i am looking for something fun to do while in town. a nightclub would be nice.
awesome! can you provide me with the address, entrance fee, and postcode, please?
no, thanks. can you find a gastropub restaurant in the centre, please?
is it in moderate price range?
do you have anything in the moderate price range?
what is their address?
no, i just need information for today. you have answered all of my questions. thanks so much. bye.
hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.
do any of the options have two stars?
any star is fine.
is that in the moderate price range?
yes please. i actually do need a 2 star rating too.
sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
thank you. i am also looking for a train leaving on tuesday. i will be departing birmingham new street for cambridge.
yes i need to arrive by 19:45.
how long is the train trip? i just need to arrive by 19:45
sure. please book it for 5 people and provide me the reference number.
that will be all, thanks for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves british food.
what british restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? i'd like to book a table at 17:15 for one on saturday.
sounds great - can you book a table there?
just myself. i'd like to eat at 17:15 on saturday.
how about 16:15 instead?
i'm looking for information on train times, can you help?
i'll be leaving stansted airport to cambridge after 16:15 on wednesday.
yes. can you book a single ticket for me?
yes, i need a place to have dinner. i'm thinking italian and expensive.
the restaurant should be in the centre
yes. book for 1 at 20:15.
that'll be all, thank you!
i am looking for a hotel tonight.
i prefer three star and an expensive price range.
okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi?
please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on saturday.
no thanks, i do need the reference number though. i would like to find a chinese restaurant in the center though.
okay can i get the address?
no, that's it for today. thanks for your help!
i need to find a restaurant in anatolia
yes. i need a reservation for 8 people please.
i need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday. if that doesn't work i can also do tuesday. i will also need a reference number.
no that was it, thank you.
hi, i am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.
i don't care of the type of museum.
that sounds good. what is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?
yes i would like a good steak.
no thanks, i actually need a train. i'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on sunday. i need to leave after 19:15.
before that, i need a booking for 3 people. does that narrow it down?
i would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. i will also need the reference number.
thank you very much. that was all i needed. have a great day.
is it possible to get any greek food in the centre part of town?
what about chinese food?
book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
thanks, that's all. good bye.
i am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town.
i still want the north part of town, but look for asian oriental food instead please.
yes, i would like their address and phone number, please.
no, that does it. thank you and goodbye!
i am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves modern american food.
what about a restaurant there that serves mexican food?
could you tell me more about it? what is its price range? where is it located in the south?
sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at 17:30 on tuesday?
what about 4:30 on tuesday?
great! can you also tell me the address and price range for the express by holiday inn cambridge?
thank you, that is all i need today.
i need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from ely. can you help me?
i'm leaving on wednesday.
does it go to cambridge?
that's great. can you make a booking for me for 5 people?
i also will need a hotel
it doesn't matter, i'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
do they have free wifi?
thank you for all of your help.
yes, please. i'd like a room for 5 people on wednesday for 3 nights.
that's all i needed tonight. thanks for the help.
i am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi
i want a guesthouse, but don't really care what area it is in.
don't particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 4 star ones i would appreciate it.
i guess that would be okay
i don't need you to book it. can you just provide me with the address and area.
no, thank you for your help.
i sure will and you have a great day too.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. it is called pizza hut city centre.
that sounds like just the place! can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on thursday?
ok sounds good. thank you!
that is all. thank you for your help!
i would like to locate a particular hotel
i am looking for lensfield hotel.
can i get the postal code for that hotel?
i am also looking for an attraction called the kettle's yard.
can i have the address for kettle's yard, please?
i'd like to book a taxi from kettle's yard back to the hotel. i'd like to leave around 23:45.
yes, can i have the contact number for the taxi, please?
no, that's it. you have been most helpful. goodbye.
i would like to know more about a restaurant called the panahar if you could help?
no thank you, can you book a table for 3 friday at 18:30?
i am also needing a place to go for entertainment. can you help me find a place?
that sounds perfect. may i get the address please?
no thank you. that is all i need today. goodbye.
hi! i'm looking for a guesthouse.
i want it to be located in the centre.
can i get more info on the alexander bed and breakfast please?
yes please. i need it for 4 nights starting sunday. just for me.
can you find a museum that is close to my hotel? i would like to know the entry fee, address and phone number. thank you.
yes, what is the museum address and phone number? i am also curious about the entrance fee, please.
that's everything, actually! thanks a ton! bye!
can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
yes, i do. i would like a hotel that is expensive in price.
the one in the centre would be ideal. there will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting tuesday.
yes, actually. i need to book a train from standsted to cambridge. it has to be for tuesday and definitely after 09:30
i would like one that leaves after 9:30.
i would like to leave after 9:30.
i do not have a further preference.
yes please book for 7 people.
that's all i needed. thanks for your help, goodbye!
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
i would like it to include free parking as well, with a star of 0.
actually, i need it to have free parking and free wifi. do you have any hotels with these amenities?
i don't care about the location. either one will work. just book it for 1 for 5 nights starting on sunday.
yes please, i am also looking for a train to depart on friday from cambridge at 10:15 to bishops stortford.
yes, but can i have the price first?
please book 1 seat for friday on the 11:29 train going to bishops sortford. thanks!
no. thank you. that's all for today.
hello, i'm looking for a hotel called eraina. can you help?
sorry yes the restaurant named eraina. i would like to book a reservation for tuesday 15:15 for 1 person.
how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
no, could you double check that? i want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the eraina. type of food doesn't matter.
yes, will you see if you can book a table for me? and give me the reference number if you can?
wonderful. thank you so much for your assistance.
i need to find an expensive restaurant in cambridge located somewhere in the north.
i'm not particular on the type of food. could you recommend something and book a table for 1 person at 19:30 on tuesday.
yes please, book me a table for one at 19:30
i would like to find a place to visit in the same area as the restaurant.
i don't really care, do you have any recommendations?
i'd love to go swimming.
alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for jesus green pool
does the other swimming pool say what the entrance fee is?
i am also interested in the boat attraction. what is the entrance fee and postcode for that attraction?
thanks for your help. that's all i need today.
yes, hi! i am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to stevenage.
i would like to leave on sunday and arrive by 18:45. i need tickets for 8 people. could you make the reservation and provide a reference number?
8 tickets please, and i will need the reference number.
i'd like somewhere to go in town. something in the centre please.
anything you recommend. i just need the entrance fee, attraction type and phone number.
thank you for all your help.
i need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.
does it have free wifi?
great! i would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on sunday.
could you help me find an interesting museum?
could you provide their postcode, area, and entrance fee please?
thank you for the info on a good museum to go to have a great day.
yes i need a taxi from the museum to the hotel. i want to leave by 4:15. can you hook me up?
thanks! that's all i needed help with today.
i'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?
i don't, so please pick one. i will need the price range and phone number.
no thank you. i am looking for a train for sunday though.
going from broxbourne to cambridge.
i would like to find a danish restaurant with a moderate price range.
no, that's fine.
yeah, how about something that serves european food?
i definitely would like it to be in the centre, please.
okay. i'd like to reserve a table.
a table for 7 at 12:15 on wednesday. after booking please provide the reference number. also need a train departing from liverpool on wednesday and arrive by 09:30 going to cambridge.
i also need to get a train on wednesday from london liverpool street.
i need a train that arrives in cambridge by 09:30, please.
yes please! could you book me seats for 7 people?
thank you! that is all i need.
hello, i am traveling soon and can't wait to see some local tourist attractions. can you help me find a place to stay when i am there?
no, i don''t have an area preference. i would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 4 star rating. i also need wifi.
is there another nearby option?
i have no price range preference, do any have free parking?
no thank you. can you please give me the address?
could you give me information on cafe jello gallery?
i also need a tax leaving my hotel by 18:30 to take me to the museum.
that is all i need today, thank you.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. what is the phone number and type of food?
ok, thank you.
we are in the centre of town and looking for places to go. we would like maybe a museum and a cinema. can you help me?
awesome, sounds good. what is their postcode please?
yes i am looking for a place to stay that needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.
in the centre of town, please.
no, i dont mind any
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 4 nights on wednesday
that did it, i am ever so thankful for your help.
can you get me information on a restaurant called golden house?
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 20:00 on monday. i'll need a reference number, please.
yes, i do. i would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. perhaps, some sort of entertainment. any suggestions?
how about a college?
great. what's the address for pembroke?
give me the entrance fee instead please.
no, that will be it. you've been very helpful!
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food
yes, please along with the phone number and the post code. thanks.
wonderful, thank you.
i am looking for korean food, in the centre of town.
is it in the expensive price range?
yes book a table, thank you.
13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please. i will need a reference number too.
no. how about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range.
sure, try booking that one for the same people, date, and time, please.
no, that's all i need. thank you for your assistance!
i need a restaurant that serves european food please
anything in the area would be fine
i am looking for something in the expensive price range.
hello, i'm looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at.
yes, i am looking in the expensive price range. also, i would need free parking.
yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on monday?
yes. can i get the reference number so i can give it to them when we arrive?
yes, in the same price range please.
is there another expensive place to stay?
thank you, that's what i needed.
no thanks for all of your help and putting up with a pain like me!
are there any good scottish restaurants in the centre?
how about italian food?
it doesn't matter. i need to know what the price range is though, postcode and phone number too please
yes, i also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, i would prefer a 0 star rating.
is this hotel in the same area as the restaurant?
that won't be necessary. i need the price range and postcode.
no, everything i asked of you has been met. thank you.
thank you very much, you too.
thanks for all your help. goodbye!
i need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food, can you help me?
do you have any asian oriental restaurants in the same price range?
yes. please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
that works. same parameters, please. i need the reference number too.
great thank you for all your help.
that was all thank you.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
the restaurant should serve asian oriental food.
yes, i would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a saturday, and could i also get the reference number?
thank you for your help.
i am planning a trip to cambridge
i need a train to peterborough from cambridge on friday and would like to arrive by 20:00.
what is the price of the ticket?
what is the travel time?
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to eat. what's the best italian joint on the north side?
yes, i'd like a table for two at 17:00 on the same day as the train.
no, that's all i needed. thanks for your help, have a great day!
i am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food.
i don't care.
yes please. i want the address and phone number of anyone of them.
thank you, goodbye
hi, i'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45, is there anything like that?
i am departing from birmingham new street.
i would like to leave on wednesday
that will, yes. please make a booking for 5 people please.
thanks so much. i would also need a place to say. i am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi.
that sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?
please book it for wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.
thank you, goodbye
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. it should be in the north and have a 4 star rating.
i do need to make sure it's not too expensive. is that one moderately priced?
yes, could you please book it for 5 people for 2 nights? also, could you provide the reference number when complete.
i will be starting my stay on thursday.
yes, directions please.
yes i need to inquire about a train from peterborough to cambridge for thursday. i need the travel time, departure time and price. arriving by 13:00.
yes, please book the tr8431 train. thank you!
please book 5 tickets.
that's everything that i need. you've been a great help. thank you.
thanks so much! goodbye.
i would like to book a train from cambridge on thursday.
i'd like to go to norwich.
i would like to leave on the first train after 9:30. can i get the travel time, train id and price please?
no, i'll think about it. i will also need a place to stay 3 star please and free wifi.
cheap price range please
yes, what moderate hotels are in the area?
can you book one for me? i need a room for 5 people starting on monday. we would be staying 3 nights.
no thank you goodbye.
i would like to find a restaurant in the centre.
sure, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
i am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the centre. can you pick one and provide me the food type and address?
great thanks,i also need to find a hotel near the restaurant if possible. would you be able to assist?
i want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting wednesday.
anything near the restaurant will be fine.
yes i also need a taxi to take me between the two places. can you please help?
i would like the taxi to meet me at the restaurant.
i want to leave the restaurant at 04:45 please
i think we got everything covered. thanks. goodbye.
yes, i need some train information. looking to depart cambridge and arrive by 08:45.
no, thank you. does that leave on tuesday and go to birmingham new street?
yes please. i will need a ticket for one and the reference number.
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. are there any guesthouses there?
i would prefer something on the cheaper side.
no not today. i think that is everything i need. thank you.
i need to take a train into cambridge on wednesday.
i am leaving birmingham new street and would like to arrive by 17:15, can you book that for me?
make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.
yes, can i get booking at the alpha-milton guest house?
we'll need it for the same day, wednesday, for the same 3 people. we'd like to stay for 5 nights.
ok, well how about 3 nights instead?
great thank you. what is the address for the alpha-milton?
no, i believe that will be everything today.
i'm currently planning a visit to cambridge and looking for a cheap place to stay. i don't need internet or any frills. any good suggestions?
so, you are saying there are no cheap hotels in all of cambridge? can you maybe look one more time? thanks!
i would like to have a 4 star rating with free parking.
sounds good. 1 person, 4 nights and leaving from wednesday.
i also need a restaurant, preferably one that serves portuguese food and is the same price point as my hotel.
i don't mind. surprise me!
yes, that would be fantastic. thank you very much.
there will be just me.
the reservation should be at 13:00
can you try the other restaurant?
sure. just give me the reference number once you do it
make the reservation for wednesday and then give me the reference number
no i think i bugged you enough! you have been great and fast too!
hey any suggestions for good food? i'd also love to find a train that leaves on friday from broxbourne.
i would like to leave after 08:15 that morning.
no specific time, but i'd love the time and train id.
yes, i'm traveling to cambridge.
yes please book it for me thank you
no thank you. i'm also looking for an expensive french restaurant.
the centre please. can you reserve a table for friday please.
it will be for 2 people on friday at 15:30
thats all i need for tonight. thanks for all the help. goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range
the area is flexible but we would like free parking.
any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. i need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting friday.
great! can you also tell me if there are any austrian restaurants in town, preferably in the center?
how about something just in the cheap price range?
okay, how about indian food?
give me info about kohinoor. need their address postcode and number, please.
i need a taxi to pick me up at the restaurant.
i would like to leave the restaurant by 12:00.
allen bell guesthouse
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
i would like info about the cityroomz hotel please
thanks, how many stars is it rated?
i'm also interested in places to go. what kind of entertainment is there in the south?
any of them would be fine, how about a cinema? can you let me know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number for one?
great, thank you for your help.
no, i'm fine now. thanks again.
i need a restaurant
east and expensive
address and phone number for the chinese restaurant
no, this is it. thank you
is there a welsh restaurant in the north part of town?
thank you, good bye.
i'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.
the centre would be convenient.
that sounds like it would be nice. i'd like to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on saturday, please.
i am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by 10:15.
saturday departiung from kings lynn and arrive cambridge same day as restaurant booking
the restaurant booking was for saturday, which is the same day that i would like the train booking to be made for.
that sounds great! can you book tickets for everyone on that train? same group that will be eating together.
that's all i need today. thank you.
are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town?
what are the address and phone number of one of them ?
excellent, thank you. goodbye!
i'm looking for a train that will be leaving on sunday going to peterborough.
i need to get there by 21:30.
yes, for 1 person please, and give me the reference number.
i also need a room in peterborough.
i would like to stay at the el shaddai. i would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on wednesday.
is it possible to book this reservation for 2 nights?
that's all. thank you very much.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food.
yes, how about indian food
what is the phone number?
no that is all. thank you, goodbye.
please find me a train that leaves on monday after 08:45
i will be leaving cambridge and heading to ely.
i just need to leave after 08:45
yes, for 2 people. please give me the reference number.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
i don't have a food preference.
sure, that works for me. i need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.
oh that's great. that would be all, thank you.
hi i am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the cheap price range.
i would like a 2 star hotel.
is that a 2 star hotel?
what about moderately priced places with 2 stars?
could you book 3 nights at the ashley for 7 people, please? we'll be arriving on tuesday.
does the lovell have 3 nights available?
can you try booking a 1 night stay? i need the reference number if that works. i also need a train leaving cambridge after 17:45, arriving in norwich on wednesday.
not at the moment. can i have the price and train id though?
yes. thank you very much.
yes please, for all seven of us.
no, i think that's all. thanks!
i want portuguese food and i don't care about the price range. what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
are there any danish restaurants on the east side of town?
what about chinese?
book it! friday, 13:15, 3 people.
i am also looking for the hotel, autumn house. do you know of it?
yes, that would be great. please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on friday.
thanks so much for your help today. that's all i need. goodbye.
i need a train that leaving cambridge for ely.
i would like to leave on tuesday and arrive by 13:15.
i'd like the reference number please.
can i get one ticket on the train that arrives at 12:07?
yes, i would like the reference number, please. i am also looking for a guesthouse as well.
is it 4 stars and is there wifi?
great! can i get the address, please?
also, does it have free parking?
i need one with free parking.
thanks for the train info. may i have the address for the acorn guest house, please?
no thank you. now that i have the info, i can take it from here.
i am excited to visit some of your attractions. can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?
yes, a guesthouse would be great. i'd like for it to be in the moderate price range.
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday. no parking
i'm looking for an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange? can you provide me with more information?
can you book a taxi for me at 15:15 from the corn exchange to the guesthouse?
thanks. i believe the car was the last thing i needed.
i need a hotel, in the south.
does this hotel include free parking?
ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday please.
that's a pity. ok, but i want it to be expensive alright?
unlucky day for me. alright, let's go with moderate one.
finally some good news. great, thanks for help, bye!
hi, i'm looking for a hotel, the archway house?
yes, please book for 8 people, for 4 nights starting from saturday.
no, that's all i need.
i so excited to see some of your great attractions! can you suggest a college in the centre? also i need a train schedule from airport to cambridge on saturday.
if you could recommend one that would be great! can you send me the address, entrance fee, and phone number?
thank you, i'm looking for one with an entrance fee.
yes and their address please.
thanks. can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with free parking?
yes. please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 2 nights. and tell me the refernce number
yes, i need a taxi to take me to the hobson's house.
i will need to depart from corpus cristi by 04:45 to go to hobson's house. i will need to know the contact number and car type please.
hi, i am looking for information on places to go in town please.
one that offers all indoor games
are they are in the centre of town? if so, do they have an entrance fee?
are there any colleges in the centre of town?
what's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?
i'm also looking for a cheap chinese place to eat at.
no, thank you. i need to consult with my friends first. can you please give me their phone number?
great i also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 16:15
it will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked.
yes, that's it. thank you for all your help today. goodbye.
i want a college to visit
no, no particular area. which one do you recommend?
can you find me a hotel in the north with free parking included?
sure. that would be fine. can i have more information please?
actually, i think i'm ok for now. thank you for your time.
what restaurants in the centre are cheap?
sure. i'd like modern eclectic food please.
ok, how about indian food then?
yes please. can i also get the phone number and the postcode of the gandhi?
i don't know, but i am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge.
i am looking for a train to take me from cambridge to kings lynn. i need the train to leave on thursday and arrive by 20:45
yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.
thanks. that's all i needed.
hello. i am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in cambridge. can you help?
i need one that includes free wifi.
i'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on wednesday.
there will only be 1 person.
i'll be staying for our nights.
yes, one person, 4 nights starting wednesday. reference number for that, parks to visit. area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 17:00, contact number and car type.
yes, i would like a park near the hotel.
that sounds great! can i please have the address and phone number?
yes, i had mentioned i will need a taxi between the park and the hotel.
i wouold like to leave the cambridge university botanic gardens by 17:00
thank you for your help.
that is all, thanks.
hi, i'd like information for the restaurant called travellers rest please.
what is the postcode of this restaurant? thanks!
yes i would like information on jesus green outdoor pool also.
that is all i need right now, thank you!
i am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking
i'm looking for a cheap hotel, please.
doesn't matter where in cambridge.
perfect! what's the phone number, postcode, and address for that place?
yes, i need a train to ely from cambridge on sunday, leaving at 11:30.
is this train going to ely or departing ely? i believe i made a mistake is saying going to ely when i should be departing ely arriving in cambridge.
alright, all i need the travel time and that should be all, thanks!
am looking for a train. the train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
let's try the da vinci pizzeria. i'll need the address and phone number too, please.
great, thanks for all of your help!
is there a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?
i was really hoping to try some austrian food.
okay, how about some european food?
great can i have their phone number and postcode please?
i also need a place to stay in the same price range.
i would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.
thanks so much that was all i needed.
i am heading to cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.
i would like it to be in the centre area, please.
i would like to make a reservation for 7 people on sunday, please.
we'd like to dine at 19:45. please let me know the reference number when you have it available.
yes, i would like to book for 18:45. please let me know the reference number when you have it available.
i need to find a museum in the same area. can you find one?
that sounds good. what is their postcode and phone number please?
yes i need a taxi between the two places. i want to be sure to arrive at the restaurant before our reservation.
thank you. that will be all. goodbye.
i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food. can you recommend anything?
anywhere really.
i am looking for something in the expensive price range.
can i get an italian restaurant? address and phone number please.
thank you, goodbye
i am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking.
the location does not matter but i need a 3 star hotel.
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant by the name of cote. can you find this for me and book a reservation please?
we will be dining on thursday at 13:15, and there are 4 in my party.
wonderful. can you also help me find a place to visit in the east?
i would love to visit a boat attraction
can i have the phone number, address, and postcode?
thanks, you're so helpful! i'm all done now, bye!
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
i don't care.
just the phone number is fine, please.
that is all, thank you very much. good bye.
i am looking for a place to dine
expensive is what i am looking for. i don't have a preference for the exact type of food.
that sounds great. can i get their phone number?
looking for a train, the train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday. the train should go to cambridge and should depart from ely
yes please book it foe me thank you
no that's all! thank you very much!
i'm looking for a train to broxbourne.
i'm going to be leaving from cambridge. i need to leave on tuesday by 13:00.
i don't have an arrival preference.
actually, i'd like to arrive by 13:00. could you give me the train id for the train arriving closest to that time?
no thanks. i'd just like to know the travel time please.
i need to find a expensive hotel in the north.
ok how about a guesthouse in the north that is expensive with free parking.
sure let's try a moderate price range.
can you give me the hotel, phone number, and postcode?
all set. thanks a lot.
hi, what are some fun attractions in west cambridge?
i need an attraction in the west part of town. please provide the address and amount of the entrance fee so i can prepare.
yes, i'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the west side of town.
just pick one in the same area as queens' college, and can you book a table for 1 at 18:30 on saturday please?
graffiti sounds good. can you book a table for me?
no that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i certainly will. thanks for the help that is all i needed.
can you tell me about architectural attractions on the west side?
yes, i'm looking for something in the west.
alright could you tell me about the museums in the west?
can you recommend one? i need the address, entrance fee, and phone number too.
yes, i'm also interested in a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. i need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:45. get contact number and car type
no that is everything i need. thank you.
hi, i am looking for a place to stay.
i don't know what area it is in, but i was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the lensfield hotel.
yes, that would be great. can you reserve for me starting thursday?
i need a place for 5 nights. and i need it for 8 people.
i need some night life or places to go
i just want to find somewhere in the centre to visit
maybe a museum?
thanks, i will need a taxi to get inbetween those two places.
i need to fit 8 people. thanks.
i want to leave the attraction by 07:45
thank you much good bye.
can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?
thank you very much. bye.
i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north.
how about a chinese restaurant?
yes, please. 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.
yes, let's shoot for the same thing but on wednesday instead, okay?
may i have the reference number please?
that was all. thanks
no, i don't need that anymore. thanks. have a great day!
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on tuesday.
i will be going from ely to cambridge.
not just yet. can i get the cost and departure time?
yes. i am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.
no, i don't need train tickets right now.
is it a guesthouse? i don't want to stay at a hotel.
can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is cheap?
i would like lebanese food.
how about italian food then?
would you mind making a reservation for thursday at 17:15 please?
the reservation will be for 5 people
i am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.
whatever you recommend is fine. i'll need the entrance fee and attraction type.
yes, please give me the entrance fee for the boat park.
no thanks, that will be all.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range
thank you for the help.
yes, could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on saturday?
would you confirm this is an indian restaurant, please? it sounds like one.
great, that is all i need today. thank you.
you're welcome and goodbye.
i need a place to go in the centre for entertainment.
could you please check for architecture?
i would like to visit an old school. what is your recommendation?
yes, i just need the address and postal code. also, what is the entrance fee?
i am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called cote. can you help me with that?
can you book me a table for wednesday at 17:30 for a party of 5?
yes. how about for 16:30?
i will also need a taxi to from old schools to cote. i need to make sure they arrive soon enough for me to make it to dinner on time.
great that's all i needed today, thank you!
i am looking to get a train to cambridge from kings lynn
depart from kings lynn at 20:30 and leave on sunday.
my mistake i need the train to arrive by 02:30 on sunday.
not doing well, i actually need to arrive cambridge at 20:30. i should leave on sunday.
could you tell me the price of this ticket?
ok. is there a hotel in town called the hotel gonville or gonville hotel or something like that?
no thanks. but can i please get the postcode?
that's it. thanks!
i'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after 17:15.
i will be traveling on friday.
i will be leaving from cambridge. i will need 4 seats.
i also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 3 stars.
west part of town. thanks
hello! i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
i want asian oriental food.
is the yippee noodle bar moderately priced?
that sounds perfect. i don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode, please?
no, i'm all set. thanks for your help!
yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?
i am looking for one in the west, price really doesn't matter.
yes, that works. may i have the address?
there will be two people. i want to book on june 18th. we will be staying 7 days.
i actually don't need a hotel booking right now, just the address you already gave me, and a confirmation of the hotel type.
i need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves international food.
thai food will work if you can find that.
i need to leave the restaurant by 04:45 so can you book it for earlier than 04:00, i will also need a taxi to commute.
i don't need to book a table, but i do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 04:45 and go to the hotel.
yes, can i have the address and postcode of the restaurant, please?
no thank you. that's all i needed. good bye.
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star
i'm looking for a cheap one, which hotels fit into that price range?
what type of hotel is it and what is the postcode?
maybe, i'll decide once i get there. speaking of which, can you help me with a train to cambridge?
i'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from birmingham new street on tuesday.
yes, actually i'd like to book 7 seats on it.
i believe that will do it. thanks for your help!
i need directions to a good swimming pool in the south of cambridge, can you give them to me?
i really need it to be in the south. if there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an entertainment venue?
yes please send me the info.
i also need some help finding a place to eat while there. can you help me with that?
i would like a spanish restaurant, preferrably cheap.
is there anything matching that anywhere in the city?
try a different area other than the south. please make sure it is cheap spanish food.
yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at 14:30 and send me the reference number
can you try a booking for 13:30?
is there another restaurant in that area?
look in another area. i want a spanish restaurant
yes i would love that one.
i will also need a taxi booked to get me to the restaurant from the hotel please.
yes i want to be picked up at the attraction and arrive at the restaurant by my reservation time.
thank you for your help. that is all i need today.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north
no, i don't need parking. can you just recommend a place to stay?
yes, please book the ashley hotel for me, thank you.
starting monday and its for 2 people. i also need a reference number
i would like to stay for 3 nights.
no, that's all i need. thank you.
i'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre.
maybe we could try swimming instead?
please find me the address.
i am also looking to eat out. expensive welsh food.
are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
how about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves indian?
yes please, i would like a quiet place as much as possible.
i would like it for just me because i don't have friends, for 11:45 on tuesday.
can you also arrange a taxi for me? i need to go from parkside pools to golden curry and arrive there by 11:45.
thank you very much for all your help today. that is all i need for now.
i'm looking for a great european restaurant. can you help with that?
can you find me one that is in the moderate price range?
the area doesn't matter.
i apologize, are any of those in the centre area?
either is good. pick the best and give me the address postcode and phone number.
yes i'm also looking for places to go in the same area.
it doesn't matter, anywhere in town that's in the same area as the restaurant. i'd like the postcode too, please.
thanks so much for your help, i have all the info i need for right now.
hi there. i am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town.
yes i am looking for something moderately priced.
yes, the one in the west please.
yes, i would really appreciate that. can you get me a table for 5 on sunday at 16:45?
is there anything an hour earlier or an hour later on that same day?
let's try a different restaurant.
sure, when you find something, make the booking and give me the reference number.
thank you, that is all i need. bye.
i'd like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking.
that does not matter but i need it to have free wifi and in the expensive price range.
sure. can you book it for 4 people? we will be staying there for 5 nights starting from thursday.
no, thank you. thank you for your help.
thanks again for your help.
i'm looking for a 4 star place to stay that has free wifi.
i need the place to be in the east part of town.
please and i need postcode and confirm number
i would like it for 3 people 2 nights starting sunday please.
i also need to book an expensive chinese restaurant.
same area as the hotel. i need a reservation for 3 at 17:30 on sunday and please provide the reference number.
no, that's all i need, thanks!
hello! my friends told me about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast. can you get me some information about it, please?
do they have internet? how many stars does it have? and whats its postcode?
great! i will also need a train. i need to leave on saturday and depart from cambridge.
going to london kings cross. i want to leave after 10:15.
no thank you. i would like the travel time and price information if you can provide it, however.
i believe that will be everything.
thank you. you have been very helpful.
i am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range.
surprise me, i just need the booking for 8 people monday at 18:00. please provide me with a reference number for this booking.
thank you so much! that's all i needed.
no thank you. have a great day!
hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves scottish cuisine. could you recommend somewhere near the centre?
no, let's stay in the centre. are there any chinese places there?
any price range is fine.
that sounds good. may i have their telephone number? also could you help me finding a 4 star hotel in the same area?
oh, no, i really need the hotel to be cheap.
yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from thursday for 3 people. i will need a reference number as well.
yes please try for 2 nights instead.
the booking should be for 5 people and 2 nights. can you please try again?
thanks. yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the alexander b & b to the restaurant. i need to leave the hotel by 3:45 at the very latest.
no, that's everything. thank you for your assistance!
good morning. would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel?
the hotel is the lovell lodge, i need to make a reservation if you can find it.
yes, i'd like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday.
thank you! that's all i needed.
hi, i am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the north side of cambridge.
4 stars, please, but still just moderately priced.
one with free parking would be great!
great can i get the address of one and whether or not they have free parking?
thank you. can you tell me if there is a train going to norwich on friday?
yes, after 19:45 and departing from cambridge please.
yes, i think that will work. can you tell me the price, travel time and confirm the arrival time please?
okay, thank you for your help!
nope, that's everything. you've been very helpful.
i am looking for a place to stay that is in the expensive price range and has free parking.
i would like a guesthouse in the south in the expensive price range.
is there one in the cheap price range?
can i have the address? also do they offer internet?
no thank you. i am also looking for a train though going from cambridge to kings lynn.
i'm leaving on thursday, but to clarify, i want to depart from kings lynn and arrive in cambridge.
i will be travelling on thursday, and i'd like to arrive by 21:30.
how much does it cost?
yes, please book that for me.
thank you very much for helping me today!
need a restaurant serving turkish style venue
any area would be fine! could i please get the address and postcode of a turkish restaurant?
thank you goodbye.
can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?
we would like a hotel and free wifi too.
does ashley hotel have a 0 rating? that's what i'm interested in.
could you give me the postcode, address, and number for cityroomz?
i also need a train for monday.
from norwich to cambridge.
i need to arrive by 13:15 please.
i don't have a preference for leaving. could you book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.
thanks very much for your help. that's all we needed today!
i need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?
i will be staying 5 nights starting from saturday.
yes, can you book it for 6 people?
thank you. i also need a train to kings lynn that leaves on sunday.
i want the train to leave after 16:30.
i need 6 tickets, please.
no, that will be all. thank you!
please find a cheap restaurant in the north.
i'll go with italian. i need you to book it for 7 people, at 11:00 on monday. i'd also like a reference number.
can you get some information for me about swimmingpools in that area?
yes, the kings one. how much to get into that one?
can you give me the post code as well please?
no that's all thanks
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. can you help me?
i will be staying on the southend.
i want it to be expensive and include free parking.
i actually want to stay in the east, with free parking.
can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting friday? there will be a total of 6 people.
i'm looking for somewhere to go in the east part of town. can you help me?
i don't really have any preferences other than i want it to be in the same area as the hotel.
can you give me the address and postcode for cambridge artworks?
thank you for all your help. goodbye.
i need a train to norwich, leaving after 21:30.
i am leaving on thursday.
i'll be leaving from cambridge
what would be the arrival time of that train?
what is the total travel time for this trip?
yes if you could book it that would be great.
i don't need any reservations today just information.
i am also looking for a guest house called a and b guest house.
i just need the address.
great, thanks so much!
no, that is all i need today. thank you.
i would like to find a restaurant called pipasha.
yes please. i need a table for 3 on tuesday at 14:00.
i would also like to check out a concerthall.
thanks. can you also tell me their postcode?
do you happen to have their phone number also?
i also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.
no thank you, that's it.
i will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last boating excursion in. any boating places in the south area?
how about a nightclub in the south?
thank you for all your help.
i would like place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
i would prefer a guest house that has one star. is there one available also with free wifi?
okay, the four will be fine, then. i don't need to book, yet. thanks for your help.
can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
i need a train that leaves on friday after 20:45.
the train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street
sounds great! thank you very much! what is the price on that train?
sure. i also need a reservation at rosa's bed and breakfast.
what is their address and do they have free parking or free internet?
could i get the address please?
i think that's all i need. thank you very much.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre of cambridge.
no, just give me whatever. i'd like a postcode and phone number for the location please.
i'd also like the place to include free parking and a 3 star rating
yes please, also is it a 3 star rating? and is it in the same area as the attraction i mentioned before?
sorry for the confusion. a hotel that is also in the centre, please. i would like it to have free parking and 3 stars.
i'd like to book 5 nights, starting saturday.
this will be for 3 people please
how about two nights?
fantastic. thank you for all your help. that's all i needed.
i am looking for a hotel by the name of the lensfield hotel.
what type of hotel is this and could i get the address?
i'm also looking for a museum located in centre.
yes, can you tell me the entrance fee?
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by 18:30. get contact number and car type
no that is everything i need today. thank you for your help.
i'm looking for a type of boat in the east.
is there a high end restaurant that serves british cuisine in the same area?
no not at the moment. but i do need their phone number though.
can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
i want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. the destination would be the camboats.
i want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the centre of town.
moderately priced, please.
that sounds great! could you book me a table for 8 people at 14:45 on tuesday, please?
how about at 13:45 for 8 people on tuesday?
i'm also looking for a train to birmingham new street leaving after 13:15.
oh yes, of course, i'm leaving from cambridge on wednesday.
yes, book the 14:01 for the same group of people. i'll need a reference number, please.
thank you very much for you help. have a great day.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel.
i need free wifi and would like it to be moderately priced. thank you.
of these 11, please give me the area and address of all those that offer free parking
can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the moderate price range. i'll just need to know the area & address.
maybe later. i'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the east.
i'd like to check out the sports center. i need to call the venue to find out the cost of tickets to events.
yes, can i get the postcode and also the entrance fee?
that's fine. i'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by 20:15.
you can book it from the aylesbray.
great. thank you very much for your help today. that is all.
are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?
yes i am looking for something in the expensive price range.
yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?
i'd like some details on the acorn guest house please. what's the address, postcode, and phone number?
i am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday from cambridge.
i am headed to leicester and it should leave after 13:45.
yes, i'll need 6 tickets. when you book it can you get me a reference number?
no, thank you. that is all at this time.
hi, i would like to find a place to stay in cambridge with free wifi.
in the moderate price range please. oh and it needs to be a guesthouse.
the area doesn't matter, but i need to know if they have free parking.
i'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. it needs to be in the moderate price range and needs to have free wifi.
could you tell me what area it is in and whether it has free parking?
i also need a train for friday departing from ely to cambridge for 5 people and arriving by 16:30. can you book this and get a reference number for me?
great thank you for your help today.
can you tell me if the restaurant eraina is in cambridge? thank you.
excellent. where is it?
great! any chance i could get a table for 7 there at 14:30 on wednesday? i'll need the reference number once you make the reservation.
okay great. i am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to bishops stortford on thursday, can you book that for me please?
i'll go with the 17:29. what is the train id and price?
thank you. i'll take it.
actually i don't need any tickets today. i'm all set here. thank you for your help.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
what kind of foods do they serve there? and i would like an address and the postal code as well please. do you also have reviews of graffiti, from locals?
okay thank you for your time.
i am trying to find a public swimming pool. do you know of any?
do you have one in the centre area. that would be nice.
yes, how much is the entrance fee and can i get their number as well?
great i am also looking for some info on a hotel called city centre north b and b
thank you but i would just like the address of the hotel for now. i will also need a taxi to be booked, though.
i also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 22:30
no that is everything i needed. take care. thanks!
yes, i am looking for an expensive hotel to stay that includes free parking.
no anywhere would be fine but i would like a guesthouse with free wifi.
how about a moderately priced guesthouse instead of expensive?
yes, please. i'll need the room for three nights starting on tuesday.
just one person please.
could you see if they have 2 nights starting on tuesday?
i'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.
i don't really have a preference. anything is fine.
thanks. i just need the entrance fee for that gallery please.
no that was it! thank you so much.
i need a hotel with free wifi. i'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.
i would prefer a guest house if any 0 stars are available.
i would like a guesthouse in the north please. can you check if it has free parking?
not right now. thank you. i am also looking for a train that leaves on monday and arrives by 1830.
leaving cambridge and headed to stevenage, please.
yes. the 17:21 would be perfect. please book it for 4 people.
no, that's all i needed. thank you.
hello. i am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.
i am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the americas food.
where else could ypou suppose i get american food
how about italian? i love pasta.
it doesn't matter really. but i want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday. so whichever one could accommodate that works for me.
no thank you, that was all i needed. have a great day.
there seems to be an error. thanks for booking the italian restaurant. that is all i needed.
no that was everything. thanks
hello, we are looking for information about lodgings in cambridge. price is no option and we would like a very nice hotel.
as long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. centre located please.
i want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on thursday.
thank you! i'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on saturday.
i'm heading to broxbourne, and i need to arrive by 11:15.
i am not sure how many yet. for now, i need the departure time and the length of travel time for tr0823.
ok, that's all i need for now. thanks, bye.
hi, i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
i am looking to eat some mediterranean food.
sure, can i get the postcode, phone number, and address for la mimosa, please?
no thank you!! thank you for all your help.
no, that's all for today. goodbye.
i would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town.
how about korean food in the centre of town?
yes, and their address.
thank you, goodbye.
are there any hotel rooms left?
i'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.
great! can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?
i am also looking for a particular attraction.
i'm looking for clare college. i'd like to get the postcode, please.
last thing i need is a taxi from clare college to the hotel, and i need to leave by 16:30.
thanks so much you have been very helpful!
i am interested in finding the lensfield hotel.
yes please. i need a room for 5 nights, arriving on friday. there are 3 of us.
where can we eat?
i don't have a specific price range, but i was hoping for somewhere danish.
chinese is always a good standby, what is available for that?
can you recommend one and make reservations for the same day please.
that's fine. please make a reservation for 3 people on friday at 18:00, please.
i am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. can you please help me?
do any of those have free parking? i really need it to include that.
yes, at whichever one you think is nicer. i need a room for 2 nights on saturday. there are 6 of us.
i am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with british food.
it should be in the centre.
that's great. i'd like to book a table for the same group at 14:15 on the same day.
thank you. i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. i'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 14:15.
that will be all. thanks so much for all your help!
i am looking for a nice bistro in cambridge, moderately priced would be good.
there's nothing moderate in all of the centre area? or just bistro food?
is there a gastropub in that area instead?
yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 1 person and must have free parking
in the centre please
not price specific but i want something 0 star.
does it have internet?
could i have the phone number and type of hotel? also need a taxi to the restaurant and arrive by the booked time. provide the contact number and car type.
thank you that will be all
yes i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
going from el shaddai to the cow pizza kitchen and bar, and i need to arrive in time for my reservation at the restaurant.
thank you. i appreciate your quick response.
i'm looking for a hotel in the south part of town.
i don't have a preference. i'm just looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.
i guess we can go with the moderately priced one.
is aylesbray lodge a guesthouse? if not, is there a guesthouse that fits?
i need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting wednesday.
yes, i need a hotel in the moderate price range please.
the north. but i do need an actual hotel, no guestrooms.
yes, tell me about those.
what about the other hotel?
could you book me a room at one of those? i need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
thank you so much. that is all i need.
i would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food
what is their address
thank you goodbye.
that is all i need. no further questions.
i'd like to find a moderately priced italian restaurant.
i would like more varied italian fare, please.
i rather eat somewhere in the centre of town.
i'm looking for something to go to in cambridge.
it doesn't matter. i'm looking for a nice museum.
yes, please. may i also have the postcode and the area of town?
thank you, i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
no preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.
please get me a table for six at erania for 15:30 on wednesday.
yes, i'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.
a black toyota taxi?
no, i have everything i need for today. thank you.
hello! can you help me find a restaurant somewhere in the center of cambridge please?
yes, i'm looking for an indian restaurant.
not really. but i am also interested in finding some architecture to look at.
may i get the area of the church, phone number, and entrance fee?
excellent. that's all i need.
no, that will be all today.
can you find a restaurant that serves british food and is in the centre?
i am looking for something in the moderate price range. can you also provide me addresses?
i don't need a booking, just an address.
i'm also looking for a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. i would prefer the same area with free wifi.
i will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 8 people starting on sunday, may 7.
is there anything available for just 1 night?
that's great! thank you very much.
i am planning a trip to cambridge and am looking for a hotel.
moderate price range. and a 4 star rating, please.
i need a place with wifi.
yes and book it for me and i need postcode
ashely hotel will be fine thank you
it has wifi and free parking,there is no info on the room
which one is better?
please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.
thanks now i need a cab to and from both places
i need to be at the restaurant by 1:00.
i need to be picked up at the hotel, please.
it appears that i forgot to book a restaurant reservation. i need something in the south in the same price range as the hotel, please.
priced moderately please.
i don't want to book it quite yet. could you get me the phone number, postcode, and address?
can you help me find a taxi?
no that is all i need today. thanks for the help.
yes i needed information about a particular restaurant.
pizza hut cherry hinton. can you provide me with the area they are located in?
that is all i need, thank you and good bye.
can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?
i have no specific area but i would like it to be cheap.
do any have free wifi?
may i please have their phone number?
thanks. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, restaurant one seven. can you find the address for me?
can i get the address on that one?
no, thank you, that's all the information i need right now.
i'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.
i would like to stay in the centre of town. a guest house is fine.
yes, how about the north?
great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. there will be 2 in my party
yes. i want to go from cambridge to peterborough by train.
i will travel saturday after 17:45
yes, please book the tickets and i need the reference number.
i will need 2 tickets please.
can i get the train id and departure time for the one you chose?
no thanks, that is all.
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking.
i don't have a preference for the type but i would like a place in the east.
it sounds fine. do any of them include free wifi?
what's the phone number and star rating of your favorite one?
that'd be great. thank you.
i will book on my own, thanks.
no thank you. im finished.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south, i'd like to have indian food.
yes please for two people.
actually, i don't need to book it. can i get the address, postcode and phone number instead? and to make sure, this is a very expensive restaurant?
need a place to go that is a theater near the restaurant.
actually, can i get their postcode and their entrance fee please?
thank you! can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at 16:30?
yeah, i'm going to be looking for some british food.
are any of those options located in the centre of town?
is it expensive? i'd like to really paint the town red!
is there a restaurant in the centre that serves british food and is in the expensive price range?
yes. reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on tuesday.
yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may i know the entrance fee, if there is one please?
any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions.
just whether or not they have an entrance fee.
just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.
cool, thank you! i won't be needing anything else. have a good day!
i need a guesthouse to stay while i'm in town. i don't care if it has free parking or not. do you have something i could get?
no specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced guesthouse please.
book a hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday
sounds good. there are a lot to chose from, is there one that you specifically recommend?
that sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting wednesday? i'm also looking for a park to visit.
i'm also looking for a park to go to while i'm in town.
i'd like someplace in the center, please.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places
i want to leave the hotel by 01:15
it will be picking me up from the hotel. i'll need the contact number and car type, please?
that's it for now. thank you for you patient help. goodbye.
hi. please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.
yes, but i just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in moderate price range.
yes. please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
thanks for settling the lodging. i also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by 12:00, please.
i'll be leaving from cambridge on friday.
yes, please choose the first option and book it for 6 people. and do remember to give me the reference number for the reservation
great, that is all i need. thank you.
please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
yes, i would like it, and hope that is has free parking space.
i would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on thursday, please.
can i have the reference number for the hotel booking? i'd also like information about a restaurant called bedouin.
fantastic, thank you. what's the postcode for the bedouin? do they only serve african food?
i see. i'm sorry what is the postcode?
yes, i need a taxi leaving from bedouin and going to the alexander b&b. i want to leave bedouin by 2:00.
no, that will be all, thank you.
sure thing, you've been a great help.
i'm looking for adc theatre
i'm looking for information on the adc theatre. can you get some information for me, including the attraction type?
yes, i need information about the gonville hotel, please.
well, i'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on friday for 5 days. can you help me with that?
thank you very much, i think that that will be all!
i am looking for a place serving indian food in the west.
yes, please book for 3 people at 13:15 on monday. include reference number, please.
no, that's all. thanks! bye!
i am looking for information in cambridge
i need help finding a place to stay.
actually, can we look for a train first? i need to be in cambridge by 15:15 on saturday.
i am leaving from ely.
no, could you just give me the price and the departure time please?
i also need a hotel room.
i don't care about the price. i just need it to be in the north part of town, and have a 4-star rating, please.
i do not want a guesthouse.
is there a 3-star hotel or guesthouse in the north? the hotel doesn't need to include internet.
lets go with a guesthouse than
4 star please
no, whichever you choose will be fine. i'll just need it booked for 4 people, 4 nights, and starting on saturday.
great, thank you!
no, that's all. thanks.
looking for a train that leaves on saturday
leaving birmignham new street, to cambridge.
i would need to leave after 08:30.
not yet.. just needed the id. also, looking for a place to dine in the center of town at a moderate price range.
that works for me. book it for 3 people at 21:00 on the same day.
oh, bummer. how about 20:00?
thank you. that is all.
i need some information on a place to eat call the nirala.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
thank you! will you please book a table for 1 for 13:30 on monday?
thank you my table has been reserved and my number is 2x)7en14.
i also need a 4-star place to stay in the west, and it needs to have free parking.
no, no preference.
i do not care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
i now need a taxi for the 2 places
i'm going to the nirala restaurant from the hotel
i have to make it there before 13:30.
thank you. i believe that is everything i need at this time.
i would like to take a train from cambridge to leicester.
this thursday, and i would like to arrive by 14:00.
yes, please make a booking for 4 people.
i need a restaurant in centre and in the expensive prince range
i don't have a preference, i just want to book a table for 4 at 11:15 on thursday, anywhere is fine.
great. please go ahead and book it.
thanks so much. good bye!
im looking for some nightclubs in the centre of town.
are there any that are free entry?
ok i need the address of the the soul tree.
thank you! i'm also looking for a cheap hotel with a two star rating.
how about one that is in the moderate price range?
yes i need to make it for 6 people start saturday for 5 nights.
thank you, that is everything for today.
i'd like to book a taxi from ask, departing after 19:15.
i need to go to rice house.
it doesn't matter when i arrive at rice house as long as the taxi leaves after 19:15.
nothing else. thanks so much for your help. bye.
i need a place to stay in the centre that has free wifi.
i would like it to have a star rating of 4 and cost does not matter, i would also like it to have free parking.
please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on saturday.
yes, i also need a restaurant with turkish food near the hotel in the centre area please.
i'd like the restaurant to be in the moderate price range. can you narrow it down?
i'll take efes for 3 people on saturday at 15:00 please.
how about for 3 people on saturday at 14:00?
yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by 14:00?
please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. it will be at the restaurant by 14:00?
great that's all the info i need, thank you.
thank you for your help!
i will, thank you again!
i need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.
no i don't care about the type of cuisine.
what is their address?
what is the food type they serve ?
nope, that's what i was looking for. thanks a lot!
i would like information on booking a hotel for friday night in cambridge.
i'm sorry. first i need to find a hospital.
i need the post code as well.
yes, what about for hotel for friday night?
i'm sorry i don't need a hotel. that was all. thank you!
no i am alright. thank you.
yes, thanks. have a good day. bye!
i'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.
it doesn't matter
a guesthouse please. i'd like wifi also.
can you suggest one?
no, that's all the info i need. can you book some rooms for me?
please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on saturday.
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.
i'm headed to bishops stortford. i'd like to leave cambridge after 9:45.
that is fine. book for 7 people please
no that will be all thanks for everything, you have been great!
i would like a moderately prices restaurant in the east part of town. i would like the phone number and postcode, please.
i don't care.
a french restaurant in the centre part of town. please give me address and phone number.
thank you goodbye.
i need an expensive restaurant in the west of town.
really interested in bistro type food if possible.
how about one that serves indian food?
yes, please. i'd like a table for 7 on wednesday at 11:15. and i'll need the reference number.
can you also help me with a train? i'm looking for one to cambridge arriving by 8:45.
i need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 08:45.
no, no need to book it for me. that will do, thank you.
could you confirm the departure time, travel time and price of that train please?
thank you - that's all i need right now. have a great day!
i need a place to stay that is cheap.
i actually want a 0 star location and with free parking too
i don't care what part of town it is in.
sure. there will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on wednesday.
what is the reference number?
nope, that's it. thanks!
do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve the americas cuisine?
how about one that serves modern european food?
price doesn't matter. i would like to book a table for 7 people at 13:00 on sunday.
thank you, that is nice.
yes, i'm also looking for somewhere to visit in the same area as the restaurant.
i would love to look at cambridge's architecture. is this possible?
can you tell me their address?
i will a taxi also to make sure i get to the restaurant on time.
thanks so much. that will be all for today. take care.
please find me a place in the south that serves chinese food
yes, i would like the one in the cheap price range.
sounds good. what is the address and phone number?
i need to take a train that arrives by 15:00 on sunday.
i am leaving from cambridge.
i need to get to leicester.
yes can you book that for me please?
i actually just need the departure time please.
no, thank you very much.
okay. well goodbye then.
i'm looking for this hotel called home from home, please.
actually, i'd like to book it for 6 people. can you help with that?
i'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on friday.
wow, thanks. we want to eat at a restaurant called the india house, can you help me with that too?
i need to get a table for 6 people at 16:00 on friday as well
thank you so much for your help.
could you recommend a chinese restaurant for me to try?
the centre of the city, with a moderate price range, please.
no, i don't have a preference, i would like a reservation on sunday at 11:15 for three people.
how about for 10:15?
no, thank you. that is all for today.
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 4 stars
no, but it should be in the east.
pick one and book me for 5 people lasting three nights starting friday please.
thanks for the room booking. can you locate a restaurant for me, too? the name is pizza express fen ditton.
yes, for 5 people on friday around 13:45, please
okay....well i'm over here waiting....don't forget the reference number too
yes it is, but if 13:45 time isn't working then 12:45 would also be acceptable.
maybe you could try again?
great, thanks for your help! have a good one.
i need to get to a restaurant known as the lucky star
thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday.
sure, do they have any openings at 17:00?
hi, i'm trying to find a place to stay called the cambridge belfry. what can you tell me about that?
sounds perfect. can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on friday? please send me the reference number.
thank you for the reference number. are there any cheap places to dine in the north area?
any of the two would work. as long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for 13:30.
ok, try 12:30.
i would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
that's all i need. thank you.
no, that is all i need for today. good bye.
is the alpha-milton guest house still in operation?
great. can you reserve a room for me for thursday? there will be 2 of us and we would like to stay for 2 nights.
i am also looking for thai food in centre please.
okay please book a table for the same group of people at 14:15 on the same day.
thank you. i also need a taxi to get between the two.
i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant
i want to go from the alpha-milton to bangkok city by 14:15.
no, that's all i need. thank you for your help.
hi, i'm looking for a persian restaurnt in the north part of the city.
how about asian oriental food?
could you tell me the address and phone number please?
that's it. thank you, goodbye
hello there, when i visit cambridge, i'd love to go to a college. are there any in the centre?
corpus christi is fine. may i have the address and phone number? what is the entrance fee?
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a 2 star hotel?
i'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more moderately priced? i'm on a budget.
yes, sorry, i'm getting more information from my group just now. if the ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting friday?
yeah, try shortening the stay to one night only.
that's all i needed! thank you
i'm looking for a gastropub.
yes, something in the centre of town please?
no, price range does not matter.
i'm sorry, i do need something expensive. is backstreet bistro an expensive place?
yes, i'd like reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on saturday.
may i have the reference number?
thank you so much.
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre part of town.
anything would be fine.
thank you what is the address and what is the pesticide for bedouln. what fun attractions are near by?
i'm looking for a college, fairly close to the restaurant, if at all possible.
i need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. i want to leave the restaurant at 12:00.
i'd like to go to emmanuel college from the restaurant.
thanks! no that's it!
i want to get a train out of cambridge that departs after 20:45 please.
i wish to go to new york city leaving this friday.
ok. how about a train to the stansted airport?
i would like to book the 21:40 train on wednesday for one person please. i also need a reference number please.
yes, i am also looking to eat some north african food. can you help me find a restaurant?
how about thai food?
the one in the west works please. can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about 13:15.
i'll be dining alone.
could you please check for a table at 12:15 and can i have the reference number?
no, that should be everything. thank you very much!
hello, have you heard of the royal spice restaurant by chance?
can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on wednesday?
thanks so much. could you also help me find a train, for that same day?
the same day as the restaurant booking i am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 09:30.
i would like to leave from stevenage
yes that sounds great. can i get a reference number for that please
i would like you to book me four tickets.
i think you took care of everything. thanks. take care now. bye bye.
can you tell me the address to the police station in cambridge?
thanks. would you be able to help me find a place to stay in the east side of town?
that doesn't matter. i would like a 4 star hotel though, please.
does that place have free wifi?
that is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 5 nights staring on friday.
also looking for a train leaving norwich after 14:00 and arriving in cambridge on friday.
can you please give me the travel time.
no i don't need you to do that, thank you
that is all. thank you!
i'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
is there anything else? if so, please give the address and the phone number.
nothing else. thank you . good bye
can you tell me about any modern european places in the expensive range?
i'd rather have some place in the south
suggest any and find me their address, postcode and phone number
i also need a train for sunday that leaves after 17:00.
i would like to leave after 17:00
that's perfect, thanks. i have everything i need for today.
i need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.
i need it to b moderately priced and include free wifi.
can we try in the north instead?
alright, can you book me a room please. i want to stay on sunday for 2 nights.
it looks like we'll have a total of 5 people in our party.
i am looking for a place to dine.
i would like to find asian oriental.
it doesn't matter as long as it is near the hotel.
yes, sunday, 5 people for 15:30.
thank you! i would also like a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
actually just one taxi was enough, thank you. that's all i need.
have a lovely day.
hi, i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
money is no object, but i'd like it to be a 4 star location please. and i'd only like to stay on the north side of town.
i need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this thursday.
yeah, how about for one day? please get me the reference number if that works
whatever is available. but i would prefer a guesthouse with free parking.
no, that about covers everything. thanks for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub food and is expensively priced.
i have no preference, can you give me the postcode, phone number, and area for the closest one?
and what part of town is that in?
no i will just go there. can you help me find some museums in the centre of town?
is there one you would recommend and the address please?
great, that's all i needed to know.
thank you, goodbye again.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i am looking for a guesthouse in the north. i would like it to be expensive and include free wifi.
what about one in the moderate price range?
yes i do need the free wifi.
yes, that would be good. can you just let me know the star rating of the hotel, whether they have free parking, and address? thanks
i also need to find a train for friday going to cambridge from norwich and leaving after 15:15.
no need to book the tickets i just needed the info. thats all i needed thanks
no, that will be all. thank you!
can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
what is the phone number?
thank you good bye.
thank you . good bye
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse
it should be in the west and have a star rating of 4.
i'd like to book for 7 people 2 nights on saturday please
thank you for your help
no, there's nothing more.
hello! i'm just planning my trip to cambridge and need train schedules.
depart from birmingham new street ,i want to leave on friday and arrive by 14:30
book it for myself.
i'm sorry. yes. please book the train on friday arriving by 14:30 for one person.
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a guesthouse.
sure! does it include free parking? if so i am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 3 nights.
that is all i need, thank you. bye.
i am looking for directions to jinling noodle bar, can you help me?
no, but i need to book a table for 6 people at 12:30 on sunday.
thank you, i also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from birmingham new street.
thank you. i also want to book a train for the same day, departing from birmingham new street and arriving in cambridge by 9:30.
the 9:23 arrival is perfect timing! i need it for the same 6 people. can i please get the reference number for that booking also?
i think that's all i need. thank you!
i am visiting cambridge and would like to stay at allenbell can you help give me some information on it?
i wish to book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from friday
thank you! i appreciate you providing the reference number.
i was wondering do they serve complimentary breakfast?
i am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the east.
the only requirement i have is that it be located in the east area of town. surprise me.
please get phone number and attraction type.thanks
perfect, thanks. can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? i'd like to leave the hotel by 11:00, please.
great. can you please give me the contact number for the audi?
thank you, that is all i needed.
hi there, i'd love to find a guesthouse with free parking.
well i would like something with 3 stars. i don't care about the internet.
that sounds interesting. do they happen to have free wifi?
i really would like it to have a 3 star rating. if bridge guest house does, then yes, please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on monday.
please make a reservation for 3 nights.
no, that's all i need today. thanks for your help!
please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves south indian food. thanks.
is there one that serves seafood?
no. may i have the phone number?
yes, i also need to find a cheap hotel.
something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the moderate price range.
that is great. can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on thursday?
yes, i am going to need a taxi to go between the two places.
i want to leave the restaurant by 12:45. please give me car type and contact number.
thank you for your help you've been great!
hi, i'm looking for information on the autumn house. it's a hotel.
on sunday. i want to make sure it's the place i'm thinking of first. can you provide me with information about the hotel?
that's the one! could you make a reservation for me? there are two of us coming in on sunday and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
can you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south?
sure, could you tell me the phone number, postcode, and address please?
that is all, thank you for your help
i'm in search of a place to stay. a hotel, please, with free parking.
it would be great if it included wifi and was in the north.
yes please,parking and wifi and car rental.
yes. i need the reference number too
friday, 5 nights, beginning this friday.
there will be 3 people.
yes, as long as it's in the same price range.
that is everything, thank you.
i would like information about museums in cambridge.
can you tell me about museums in the centre of town?
i also want to find the hotel called archway house.
yes, please book for 4 nights on friday for 4 people.
that is all. thank you so much for your help.
i would to visit a college in the west.
choose for me one that is good and get me the entrance fee and address.
i also need a place to dine
indian food, in the same area as clare hall.
i would like it to be in the expensive price range.
yes. tuesday, 13:00, for 5 people.
that is all i need. cheers.
hi, i'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. what would you recommend?
lets go with asian. can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on wednesday?
thank you but i also need a train that is going to leicester and should depart from cambridge
i will be traveling on thursday and i need the train to arrive by 12:00.
yes please give me the reference number
actually, i won't need you to book tickets. but can i please get the price and travel time for tr1755?
ok that would work go ahead and book that
just for myself, please.
oops, i actually didn't want tickets just yet, but i guess i'm stuck with them! thanks for your help anyway, totally my fault.
hi, i want to find out about the man on the moon attraction please.
yes can i get the postcode, and it's a concerthall you said?
excellent, i also need a cheap guesthouse, please.
i need free parking and wifi.
yes, please. for 6 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday
how about for 2 nights instead?
please try for one night.
no that was it. thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. it doesn't need to have free parking.
it should be on the east side, and have free wifi, no food preferences though.
i do not need free parking. can you book one of them for thursday? i have 8 people and we need to stay for 2 nights.
thank you for your help in booking the hotel for me!
i also also need a place to eat in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel
i would like to book a table at the italian restaurant for 8 people on thursday at 14:45. can i have the reference number for that as well?
yes, i would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
great thank you for all your help
i am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.
that sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?
yes, can you help me find some places to eat?
yes, please. it should be in the cheap price range.
asian food please.
also, i need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. the price should be cheap or moderate, and i need the postcode.
not right now, thanks. i do need a taxi, though. i want to leave the hotel at 03:30 (i'm an early riser!) and head to the museum.
thank you that is all i needed.
can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the north?
lets go with the italian restaurant!
sounds great. book me there for 12:45 on sunday for 5 people.
what other options are there for italian food? maybe i could go for a moderate price or.
can you find me a cheap italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 12:45 on sunday?
i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and is leaving on monday.
i need to get to ely by 17:30.
what is the price for tr9310?
no, thanks, i'll just take care of it at the station. you've been a big help.
no. thanks for all of your help though.
thank you for contacting us.
i would like to get some info on the pembroke college please.
thanks. that answers my questions.
i also need a hotel.
i would like that to be located in the north.
no particular price range, but i would like it to be 4 stars.
that sounds great. could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? i want to get there tuesday.
thank you so much for booking that for me!
need a hostel, free parking and in the north please.
i would prefer a hotel with a 4 star rating.
it can be a guesthouse or a hotel. does that open up my options?
any one of them would be fine. can i get the post code and phone number?
yes please make a reservation.
just one person please.
actually, i need to know, does the acorn guesthouse have internet?
great! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive french food.
no, i don't need a reservation. i could use the address, postcode and phone number though.
great. thanks for all your help!
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food. what is the phone number?
what is the phone number?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
no, that's all i need. thank you and goodbye
hey, when i was a kid my parents took me to a place called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. is it still around?
i need to book a table for 5 at 16:45 on wednesday.
excellent, thank you for the assistance!
i was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to london kings cross.
i want to leave on monday and arrive by 8
i would like to leave on monday.
can you tell me the price?
that was all i needed to know. thank you, goodbye.
i need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday. can you book it for me?
i need to arrive in cambridge by 11:45.
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?
yes, please. i'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.
i am looking for a german restaurant in the west.
how about one that serves british food instead?
i'm looking for meals under 30$ a person. i need to book for 3 at 16:15 on wednesday.
yes please and i will need a reference number.
no thank you. that is great.
have a good day!
i'm looking for a local restaurant to try in cambridge.
i think i can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?
i have no preference. can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?
yes, that sounds lovely. thank you.
yes, on second thought i would like help finding a restaurant. what do you know about north american cuisine restaurants?
excellent. what's the address and area there?
i need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 14:30.
yes, please. that would be great.
no, that should be good, thank you.
i'm looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
no, but it should have a star of 4.
would you book it for me, please. there are 3 of us staying for 5 nights.
we will be checking in on tuesday.
can you try another hotel in the same price range?
thank you for your help. that will be all for now.
hello, i am interested in seeing the attractions on the west side of town. can you assist me?
great. can you let me know the address and entrance fee?
yes, im looking for a nice high end expensive place to dine at in the same area.
yes, i was hoping for austrian food.
how about cheap price range ?
what about an expensive indian restaurant, then?
that's more information than i needed to know. i'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. i was looking for expensive indian food, please.
on the west side please
do they serve austrian food?
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the west?
no, can you just give me the address, please?
thank you. that was all i needed today. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant named hakka. can you tell me how to get there?
i would like to book a table for 7 at 11:15 on monday.
no, you have helped me greatly. that is all i need today. bye.
i am looking for a place to stay in the south.
i am looking to stay at a place with four stars, please.
thank you for the help
can you locate any four star places to stay?
are there any with free wifi available?
i would like for it to be in the centre.
hmm, i kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the moderate price range if possible. do you have anything like that?
can you try a guesthouse?
how about one that is in the type of guesthouse?
yeah, sorry. any area is actually fine. i just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. preferably a hotel, but guesthouse is ok if no hotels available.
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
yes please - i love interesting architecture. is there anything interesting in the west?
can you chekc for colleges
get me their phone number please
thank you.good bye.
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and i'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the centre.
can you make a reservation for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday for me please?
yes, can you help me find some places to visit near the restaurant?
i'm not sure. what is available?
its my first time in town, so i dont know which places are good. i am open to suggestions, so i will go with your recommendation
great, can i get the address and postcode.
no, you've helped me with everything! thanks, bye!
i'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. please list all times for that route.
i need to leave wednesday and arrive after 11:15.
i would like to leave after 11:15.
no, i want that day and time please
well, i need to know the arrival time first.
yeah, that works. can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
i'm looking for some caribbean food.
well, how about a gastropub?
no any area is fine with me i just need the area and postcode of a good restaurant.
i need a train leaving on friday from cambridge can you help me get a ticket?
sorry i messed up before. i actually did want an expensive restaurant. is kitchen and bar expensive?
no, i just need the area and the post code please.
thanks i also need a trin from cambridge to london liverpool street on firday
i would like to arrive by 11:00. can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 7 people? then give me the reference number
thanks for your time. that is all for now.
i need help finding a train departing from cambridge and going to leicester. can you help?
i would like to go on monday in the morning.
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45. do you have something on that day?
yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
yes, hi. i am looking for a train to get me out of cambridge to someplace fun. can you help me with that?
yes, i would like to go to peterborough. i want to travel on friday and get there by 21:30.
i just need to get there by 21:30.
to peterborough, please, for 4 people. i need to arrive by 21:30.
thanks, i also need a place to stay in cambridge. i don't care about free parking, though.
i would like to stay in the south please.
thank you. what is the postcode?
no thank you! that will be all!
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking.
no but can you find one in the moderate price range?
no.what other hotels are nearby ?
go ahead and book the archway house please and i need a reference number.
there will be two of us staying 4 nights from wednesday.
yes, lets try one of the others.
okay thank you. that is all i need.
i'm looking for a particular b&b. do you handle those?
oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? i need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from monday.
i'm looking for a hotel called rosa's bed and breakfast.
yes, please! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday
perfect, that's all i need thanks.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
can i have the address and phone number?
no, thank you goodbye
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
is there anything else? can i get the phone number please?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to stay that provides wifi without any extra charges. can you find something like that for me?
no, but i'd like a guesthouse of at leas 3 stars and i'd also like free parking.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
4 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
i also need a train.
i'm going from cambridge to stevenage on the same day as the hotel booking. i need to arrive by 12:30.
great! what is the departure time?
sure! can you tell me the cost, too?
no, that's all. thank you so much.
i may have gotten mixed up. i am departing from stevenage to go to cambridge. i'm sorry.
what is the cost and departure time of the tr7802 train?
thank you, that's all i need today.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.
i want a russian food restaurant.
what about one that serves italian food?
yes, may i please have the postcode, address, and phone number of the pizza express at regent street?
thank you! i'm also looking for a hotel in the same area.
i would like one that includes free wifi please
yes that would be great do they have free parking?
that's not necessary, could you just give me their phone number please? i also need some help finding a taxi to commute from the hotel to restaurant.
8:15 please is when i want the taxi to pick me up.
okay great. that is all i need.
hello, i'm looking for local tourist attractions located in the west. may i please have that information?
yes tell me about the colleges.
could you pick the best on and give me the address?
thank you. could yo also find a polish restaurant in the expensive range in the same area?
how about something that serves british food?
yes please for 4 people on saturday at 17:00.
no. you're the best. have a great day. goodbye
a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.
yes please.
phone number?
that's it, thank you. good bye.
i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south.
yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please?
thanks so much. that will be all for today.
i am looking for attractions in the centre.
any place would be great.
that sounds wonderful, what is the address on that?
can i please have the exact address location?
yes, thanks! i also need a table at la raza, please. tuesday, 3 people, at 19:00.
really? can you try one more time? i really wanted la raza on tuesday for 3 people at 19:00.
yes, please.
it really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on tuesday at la raza. can you try again please?
no, i just need the reservation for that time and place.
how about 18:00?
yes, 3 people at 19:00 on tuesday. if that doesn't work, i'll just call and book it myself.
okay, well, i'll take my chances on availability when i get there. i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 19:00.
the botanic garden at cambridge university
okay. thank you very much.
i am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. i need to leave after 11:30.
i would like to leave from kings lynn and go to cambridge.
can i get the travel time, and arrival time of that?
thank you. i am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the east side.
that's fine, can you find one in the moderate price range with free parking.
i'm still thinking about it. can you please provide me with the address and phone number?
thanks for all of your help today
thank you for your time.
can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?
i need something cheap, but i am hoping for at least 4 stars. is that possible?
how about the guesthouse in the west? do you know if they offer internet?
thank you, i also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after 14:15.
i will be going to ely.
i'm sorry, the train i'm looking for should depart friday and go to london kings cross, not ely.
i need 5 tickets for that one.
that is all. thanks so much!
no i think that is it thanks so much for all of your help today you have been great
i need to find a train leaving on friday from london liverpool street and arriving in cambridge.
yes i'd like to arrive in cambridge by 15:15.
no thank you, may i please get the travel time of tr5015?
yes, what time does that train leave?
please book it for me.i also need a place to stay,a guesthouse with free parking ?
thank you, i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you help me find someplace?
i don't need any specific area, just need a guesthouse that is cheap and includes free parking.
no i don't. pick any of the 33 and give me the address and area, please.
can you tell me what area it's in? and can you give me an address?
perfect. thank you. that's all the information i need for cambridge. you have been a great help!
i'm planning a trip with an arthurian theme. i've heard there's a hotel called avalon there in cambridge. is that right?
actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?
is there a reference number for the hotel? i also need a train to london liverpool street. can you help with that too?
i need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but i can't leave cambridge until after 13:45
yes please, for 6 people.
that's all i need for today. thanks!
i am looking for a place to go that includes boats. can you please help me plan my trip?
no, i don't have a preference. which one do you suggest?
that is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the cheaper side?
i would like one with free parking.
i would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. are there any that would meet the criteria i've listed?
i really need a hotel in the east.
no i really need the price range to be cheap. are there any that come up close to that price range?
i'm sorry, i misspoke earlier. the allenbell will be fine. could you see if they have any rooms starting on tuesday for 3 nights? there will be 8 people.
yes, i would also like a taxi that will leave from camboats by 07:45. could you also provide me with its contact number and car type?
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i need a hotel room. are there any left?
a place in the west with free parking and free wifi please.
not really. i would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from wednesday.
yes please, i need the reference number
can yo find an indian restaurant in the moderate price range?
i would like it in the same area as my hotel.
sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at 13:45?
thank you so much, goodbye!
i am hoping you can help me find a train departing from cambridge on saturday.
i would like to leave on saturday around 13:15 going to london liverpool street.
yes, can you book spots on that for 5 people and give me the reference number please?
thanks. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves european food.
i don't have one, could you recommend me a good place?
maybe. what is the price range?
no, i'm sure they'll have tables if i just walk in. can you give me their address and postcode?
no thanks. i need to go. have a good day. bye.
can you recommend a nightclub in town, please?
let's see what's available in the centre
can you give me the address and postcode, please?
also i need a hotel called a and b guest house.
whats the postcode and address to a and b guest house please
nope, that's all i needed!
i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.
i need some place cheap. thanks
i don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday
thanks. i also want info on concert halls in the south.
let's try a cinema in the south instead then
yes, please tell me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee.
i need a taxi. i want to leave the cinema at 13:30 and go to the hotel. please give me car type and contact info
no, that will be all. thanks.
i would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. do you have any suggestions?
i need a guesthouse.
then a hotel please. what are my options?
okay can i make a booking at ashley hotel for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
no that's it thanks for your help
i want to dine in a place in the west.
i would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the expensive price range.
no. i said eritrean food. do yo have something?
how about british food?
is one of those expensive? if so, book me a table there for thursday for 8 people at 13:30 please.
travellers rest sounds good.
i am also looking for a train from cambridge on wednesday.
before i continue with the train details, was travellers rest booked? i didn't get a reference number.
that is all i needed thank you.
hi, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. can you help me find a place that serves russian food?
sure, can you look up chinese food instead?
can we try something expensive.
it doesn't matter. just choose one for me. i'll need to know the area that it's located in.
great! i'm also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.
wow. that seems like a lot. i don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on friday.
thank you! i also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 4:00. can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?
i do think that is all i need. thanks. good day.
i am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food.
the restaurant should be in the moderate price range.
can you give me the contact information for the riverside brasserie?
great, thank you. are there any colleges in town?
check the centre, can i get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?
thank you. i would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i will be departing from christ's college and need to leave by 06:15 please.
i'm visiting cambridge, i want to spoil myself, i am looking for a four star place to stay which is expensive.
it doesn't really matter what area. but, i really prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. do you have any?
we were wanting to have free wifi. do either of them provide that?
i would like to book the university arms for five nights. could you do that for me?
2 people and 5 nights starting on teusday
i am looking for a place to dine
it should be in the north and it should be expensive.
a french restaurant is fine. can you make a recommendation?
yes, please. the reservation will need to be for tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at 15:15.
i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by 15:15.
can you recommend a guesthouse at a moderate price?
no area does not matter but i need free wifi.
i am looking for something in a moderate price range.
yes i would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a wednesday.
thanks, i'm also looking for a place that serves korean food.
if it is in the same price range as the hotel, may i please have the postcode and phone number?
yes. i really would prefer somewhere moderately priced.
yes, i would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve modern european food.
no, i want to make sure that this place it to my liking first. can you just give me their postcode and phone number so i can call them up?
that is it for today thanks alot
i am looking for an attraction of architecture.
pretty good. can you give me an address and postcode please?
please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the expensive price range.
no, i would just need a reservation for 3 at 13:00 on wednesday.
thank you, that will be all.
can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi?
i would like something cheap in the north part of town.
sure, but can i get one that also has free parking?
it doesn't matter. the ashley is fine.
there will be 6 of us arriving on sunday, and we need to stay for 4 nights.
thank you, that is it bye.
yeah, could you find me a train? i'm in cambridge, and i'd like to go over to birmingham new street.
yes, i'd like to leave after 21:00 on wednesday.
i will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and i would like a reference number after the booking is completed.
great, thank you! i'd like to find a place to stay, too. i'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. any ideas?
no preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?
i'll take whichever one doesn't include internet.
would you like to book one of those today?
okay, let's try that one.
does it have four stars?
that sounds perfect. can i have the postcode and phone number please?
no that sounds perfect. thank you for all your help.
i'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town.
no, i really prefer indian if possible.
aww, that's too bad. hmm, can you see if there is an expensive asian oriental restaurant on the north side?
that sounds good. i want to book a table for 5 people on saturday at 17:45.
no that was all i needed, thank you so much, goodbye!
i'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.
i am interested in chinese food.
yes, please! can i have a table for 1 at charlie chan on sunday at 14:15?
no, you've been very helpful. have a good day.
i am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town.
the hotel should have a star of 0 and should include free parking.
yes, four people for four nights, starting sunday, please.
can you try another hotel in the same price range?
yes please do try that.
thank you. can you give me the address and the phone number?
no. i think that is all i need. thanks for your help!
i need a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
do any of these hotels have 4 stars?
any area is fine, but i'd like to book rooms for 8 people. we'll be staying 5 nights, beginning on saturday. can any of them accommodate that?
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant called the nirala.
i'd like to book a table there for 8 at 16:00 on saturday, please.
yes, see if 15:00 is available.
could you please provide the reference number?
great - that's all i need today. thanks for your help!
i am looking for places to go and i would like something in the centre.
i am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.
great. i'm going to need a hotel too. it needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.
i would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.
can you check again?
i guess you can book that then. for two nights starting on friday.
there will be 5 of us.
can i also get a taxi to commute between the locations?
i'd like to leave by 6:30 am.
that's all i needed. thank you for all of your help!
i want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food.
italian food please. phone number and postcode please.
sorry what type of food do they serve?
what is the price range ?
thank you for your help. good bye.
i want to go to a park
anywhere is fine. may i get a postcode ?
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. i need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4.
the price doesn't matter. i do want it to be in the north area of town though.
are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?
could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then?
i guess i will take the guest house.
yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting wednesday.
but i said i would take the guesthouse.
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
the hotel by 14:45.
i need a place to eat that is cheap.
yes. i want the center area.
do you have any restaurants that serve english food?
how about some awesome indian food. i need a table for 8 on 16:30 monday
thanks for your help. in addition, i am looking for a thursday train departing cambridge, please.
i'm looking to travel to ely departing after 13:15 if possible.
yes, please book 8 tickets and provide me with a reference number
great, thanks. that is all for now!
i'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town, can you help with this?
hmm, really. i thought there was. can you double check please? it can be either a hotel or guesthouse.
okay. how about one moderately priced?
i will need free wifi and parking.
hmm, maybe. what's their postcode?
great, i will book it myself. thanks for your help. bye.
can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?
thank you. i am looking for a hotel in the west part of town.
i do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking?
yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from thursday.
i wanted to search for a specific type of attraction in town.
i'm actually just looking for a college i could visit, but not a specific one. which is your favorite?
yes please can you send me the address too?
yes please. i am looking for a hotel in the north side of town in the moderate price range as well. any suggestions?
does it have free parking and wifi?
are there any hotels in the north that include free parking and free wifi that are moderately priced?
yes please book that for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
thank you so much for your help today.
i want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.
what is the entrance fee?
what is the postcode?
can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?
how about one in the south?
no, i don't. i just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
thanks! i also need to book a taxi from the hotel.
i need to go to the theatre. i need to leave the hotel by 13:00.
from the hotel that was booked for me
thanks alot for helping. have a good day
i need a train on thursday going to cambridge.
departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by 13:45 on thursday please.
just one, please
thanks. i also need to find a place to dine. i'm looking for something moderate in price and in the west.
let's try italian food.
that sounds perfect. can i get the postcode for it please?
what's the address and phone number for that too?
thanks so much! that's all i need. goodbye!
i'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city centre
does this restaurant serve european food?
okay. great. can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at 16:15 for this monday? also i will need a reference number.
thanks. i will also need take a train from london kings cross station that same day. what time do they leave?
i need to arrive by 13:30, so let's book the 11:17, please.
5 people
i need the train id, please.
no, i think that's all that i'm looking for, thank for the help!
hello, i am going to be visiting cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the warkworth house.
perfect i would like to book it for 7 people
we will arrive on saturday and stay for four nights.
i also need a place to go. in the center, to do multiple sports
how about a college instead?
surprise me, please. i just need their address, phone number, and entrance fee.
no thank you that is all i needed.
i'm looking for the information on a restaurant named rajmahal, could you provide me their info?
can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this saturday?
wonderful, thanks. that's all i need.
i'm looking for cheap food in the centre.
i think i'd like french food please.
what about an indian restaurant?
great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday.
that will be all. thank you very much.
i need a restaurant that serves thai food, that is expensive and is in cambridge please
that sounds perfect. can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 3:15 pm on sunday? i need the reference number, as well.
yes, i also need a place to stay. same price range as the restaurant and in the centre of town, please.
can i get one that has free parking?
tell me what hotel type it is?
thanks, i would also like a taxi. i'll need one from the hotel to make it to my dinner reservation.
no thanks. i can book it myself later on. thank you for all your help. have a good day. bye.
i need a place to dine in cambridge with expensive gastropub food
i want one in the centre
book a table for 4 people at 12:00 on tuesday.
thank you. can you help me find a nightclub also in the city centre?
not really just close to the restaurant. can you give me the address of the one you recommend?
i am looking for a hotel called a and b guest house.
do they provide free parking and internet?
that's fine i guess. i need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town, can you help me?
can i please get the address, postcode, and food type
thank you that is all i needed today.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
no, any one will be fine. will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?
thank you! i'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.
that sounds great. can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?
yes, i need a taxi to get from the restaurant to nusha.
no, i need a taxi from nusha to the restaurant.
it should leave by 08:15
no, thank you. that's all i need today.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
yes, and the address and postcode please.
perfect. thanks for the information. goodbye.
i need a place to eat with a moderate price.
i really need it to be moderate in price and located in centre please.
yes, if you could get me the phone number and postcode, that would be nice.
yes, i'm also still looking for a hotel. some kind of guesthouse, maybe? although i do need access to parking and wifi.
that's cool, but how about something more moderately priced?
the guest house does not need to be in the centre. which part part of my criteria needs to be modified?
that sounds good, can i get a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
yes thank you, thats all i need today.
hi, i am planning a trip to cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.
i will be departing from ely.
leaving on monday after 9:15. i would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.
that sounds great! i need to book that for three people.
could you also look up the hotel called hobsons house?
i'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
either would work for me. just a decent room is all i really need. i'm going to be at a business conference in the north so maybe in that area.
yes please. i'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on monday.
thank you for helping
yes, i need a train on tuesday from cambridge.
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after 20:45
that sounds good. what is the arrival time and train id? i'll also need the price of the ticket.
thanks for the information. i believe i have everything i need.
i will be in cambridge during bastille day, can you help me find a french themed restaurant in the centre?
yes, please for 3 people on tuesday
18:00 on tuesday.
are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of the city?
how about a museum?
yes, i would like that place. can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?
yes can you find a restaurant for me to eat at?
i don't need to find a restaurant actually. i instead need a place to stay.
preferably a hotel if possible.
actually, type does not matter. but i want somewhere with 4 stars and wifi in the south please
does the hotel have free parking?
great, can you get me the postcode, phone number and price range?
as long as it has 4 stars, that is all i need today, thanks for your help.
thank you, goodbye!
i'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. i want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre. can you give some suggestions?
is one of them a guesthouse?
i really need a guesthouse can you find one for me please?
no, i'd like one in the centre. i could change it to a cheaper price though.
i need an expensive restaurant in west cambridge.
i want indian food.
sure, can i get a reservation for sunday at 16:15? i will need a table for 3.
no i just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on sunday at 16:15.
i would like a place to stay
in terms of type, i want a hotel. and i'd like 4 stars and wifi as well, with a location in the south
price doesn't matter. do they have free parking?
do they have free wifi also?
give me the address and phone number for the one you most recommend
do they offer free parking?
no thank you. i have all the info i need.
no i am good! i do not need a taxi.
no i believe we have got everything done. goodbye.
i'm looking to book a particular hotel today. could you help me?
i'm actually looking for finches bed and breakfast. is that on your list?
do they have free parking and what type of hotel is it?
i'm also looking for attractions in center and free entrance.
not really, pick the one you think would be best for a tourist.
is there an entrance fee?
yes, i need to book a taxi to get between the two places.
actually, i want to go from primavera to the hotel, please.
i need to leave the attraction by 9:15.
that is all for now. thank you so much for your help.
i need a place to stay in the east
i would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 4 stars and free wifi.
no, i do not need parking. i would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning tuesday. can you do that?
yes, please book it. i need a reference number. i also need to book a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday.
1 person and 3 nights starting tuesday please.
thank you i also need a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday
the train should go to cambridge and should depart from broxbourne.
yes please. just one ticket and could i get the reference number pleases?
ok, great! thanks for all of your help. that is all i needed for today.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
i have no preference. can i get the phone number and address of one?
no, thank you. that is all i needed.
i'm looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
i am looking in the centre of town.
yes, surprise me please! it's for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday.
no, thank you so much! have a nice day
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant please. or one that serves chinese food.
i'd like to be in the centre of town.
i want something expensive.
could you make a reservation for 3 people at 15:15 on saturday and provide the reference number? also looking for a theatre in the same area.
i am also looking for a theater.
yes more info and adress and is there any fee's ?
and i there an entrance fee?
that's great i will call them, thank you.
no thanks. you covered everything. have a good night. bye.
i need to catch a train that departs from leicester after 18:30.
i would like to leave on tuesday.
yes, please. i'll need a booking for 6 and the reference number.
yes, that is correct
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay that's a guesthouse.
cheap, but i still need free wifi.
what's the best one of those options? i need it for 4 nights.
yes please. for 5 nights for the same group of people.
tuesday please. thanks
that was all i needed today, thank you very much.
hi, i'm looking for information on the riverboat georgina. could you provide me with any details?
i need the address and phone number, please.
yes i would like to find information on a restaurant called the hotpot.
i want a table for 2 people at 12:30 on saturday.
thank you!
i'm looking for a hotel in east cambridge.
sure, is there anything in the cheap price range?
it isn't important that the hotel have free parking.
could you please tell me the star of the hotel?
that would be great!
i actually don't need to book. could you just just give me the star rating, postcode and phone number please.
that is all i needed, thank you.
i need somewhere to stay. should have free parking and free wifi
the centre of town and with a moderate price range. nothing too expensive.
i don't need to make a reservation. i am just looking for information on a hotel. can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the north?
i'm not looking to book yet, can you tell me their price ranges?
i need one near a swimmingpool.
i guess i'll change my price range. are there any expensive hotels with all the amenities that i'd like along with free parking?
on the swimming pool, what's the phone number and entrance fee?
let's go with kings hedges learner pool.
that's ok. i need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. i want to leave the pool by 02:15.
okay. is there a hotel close to kings hedges learner pool that has free parking and wifi? i would prefer a four star location in the north.
what is the price range for the acorn guest house?
thank you! i'd also like to find a swimming pool in the area.
kings hedges learner pool will still be fine. i'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the acorn guest house.
that's all. thank you for the help!
i want to find kettle's yard located in cambridge.
yes i would like all the contact info please.
what is the entrance fee for kettle's yard?
i also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 2.
the area doesn't matter. what would you recommend?
can you give me the phone numbers for them?
okay thanks. that was all i needed to know for now.
looking for a museum with free entrance fees.
oh, gosh. my daughter doesn't like the sound of that. she wants to explore the city. can you help me find a train?
i'll be traveling from leicester to cambridge on tuesday.
i'd like to arrive by 10:00. how long will the trip be?
great, thanks for that. i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star hotel but cheap.
can you give me the address and postcode of one?
thank you for all your information.
nope that's it thanks
can you find me a chinese restaurant?
i would like for it to be in the centre. price does not matter. i need a reservation for 8 at 11:15 on saturday. reference number after booking is complete.
thanks a lot. i would also like for some places to go in town, how about a museum in the same area?
please! can you also provide the address with postcode and the phone number? i'd like to jot it down in case i get lost!
no, that will be all. thank you!
i'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre.
yes, please, that would be useful.
i also need a restaurant in the same area? crossover food sounds good.
what else do you have that is cheap?
hmmm, i'm hungry for some portuguese food... have anything like that?
thank you! please book a table for 8 people at 14:00 on thursday.
thank you goodbye
hi, i'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side.
great do they have free wifi?
yes, sounds good. i'd like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from thursday.
would you be able to get it for 1 night and also get me a reference number
great! thanks for your help with booking that.
no, that's all. thanks.
where is the restaurant called tandoori palace?
yes, book me a table for 2 at 19:00. can you give me directions and the actual address please?
can i have a confirmation number ?
actually, i don't need it for today. what's the price range of the place?
can you check the availability at the university arms hotel for five people?
thursday please.
actually for 5 nights and there will be 5 of us staying
thank you so much, that is all that i need for now. have a wonderful day.
i would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.
i do not have a preference in location.
are any of them three stars and including wifi?
can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?
can you please make the reservation?
i am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. any recommendations?
that sounds perfect! could you give me the phone number and postcode?
thank you, i also need a taxi. i want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the cambridge contemporary art museum.
can i get a contact number for the taxi?
that is all i need thank you for your time.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food. i don't care about the price range.
yes, what is their address and phone number?
thank you!
i want an expensive restaurant in the south.
mexican will would great. i need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on monday.
thank you! that's all that i needed.
actually, i am also looking for places to go in the same area as chiquito restaurant is.
a museum would be great. could i have the address of one you suggest?
that sounds great. may i have the address, please?
yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum?
yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, tuesday?
actually that is all i need. thank you for you're help.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.
the restaurant should serve british food.
yes please and i will need their phone number for reference please.
i'm not sure yet. can you tell me what trains are traveling to cambridge on thursday?
i need to arrive from stevenage by 14:30, if possible.
do you have any arrive closer to 14:30 time period? if not i will just need the train id and departure time.
great, that's all i need. thank you for your help today!
looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range.
i would. it's a party of 6 for monday at 15:45. can i get the reference number when you're done?
no, that's everything. thanks for your help.
thank you for your help
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?
i was thinking maybe trying something european.
that sounds great! can i book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on wednesday?
no, that's it. thanks.
i would like a hungarian restaurant in the west of town.
is there any indian food on the west side of town.
the price range doesn't matter.
yes, but just for one.
thank you!
nope, i'm good. thanks again.
i want to take a trip to cambridge, but need some help locating a train. can you provide some information for me please?
i'm leaving from peterborough on tuesday and the train should arrive after 15:30
oh, yes, i meant i need to leave after 15:30. i guess that means it will arrive after 15:30, too, ha ha.
yes. what is the price on that?
please book that train. i'm also in search of a particular hotel. it's called worth house.
just the one, please.
can we book the hotel for 1 person and 5 nights starting from tuesday?
thank you so much that is everything that i need.
thank you! you've been very helpful. i will be sure to ask for you if i need anything else on our trip.
i need a train that is leaving from ely.
i am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.
i would like to leave after 17:15
yes great!. now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?
i am looking for something that serves new zealand food. do you have anything?
how about gastropub instead?
that would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 20:30 on the same day?
thanks alot for your assistance. bye
where is the addenbrookes hospital located?
can you also tell me what the phone number and post code for the hospital is?
thanks, that's all i need. good bye.
i'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.
i have no preference for area but i am looking for something with a 4 star rating and moderately priced.
i would prefer a 4 star guesthouse please and i'll need the area and address please.
no, no other preferences. what would you recommend?
i prefer something a little more south.
ok, can you send me the address and area of aylesbray lodge? i am also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.
i'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 19:45 tuesday.
can i book a taxi from acorn guest house to aylesbray lodge? it needs to get there by 19:45 tuesday.
no that's all i need. thank you!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
one that serves curry. is there a nice indian restaurant?
actually, what about an expensive chinese restaurant in that area instead?
i only require the postcode and phone number.
thank you very much.
i also need a train leaving from cambridge on friday.
i'm going to london liverpool street and i'd like to leave sometime after 08:15
i would be interested in the train leaving at 9:59. can you book me for that one for 1 person? and can i get the arrival time and train id please.
yes could you please confirm the travel time as well for tr1750?
thank you very much.
no, you have given me everything i need. thank you very much.
can you help me find a place to stay in the south part of the city that offers free wifi with the room.
i'm not sure yet. what types of hotels are available? i don't want to stay in a guesthouse.
what is the star rating of the lensfield?
yes please. i am also looking for a place to dine; european modern food, but at a moderate price.
yes, i would like a restaurant that is also in the south.
im feeling modern european what are some of my options for that?
i would like a table.
i would like the reservation to be at 12:45 for 7 people.
i would prefer for it to be thursday.
no, that is all for now.
i'd like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town.
i want indian, please.
that would be great! could i also receive the address and post code with that?
no thanks, i'll take care of that. i'm all set today - thanks for your help!
i am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving thai food.
i don't care.
yes, please. may i have their address and phone number?
that is all, thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find a nice asian restaurant to dine at in cambridge?
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably expensive
yes please, 6 guests at 18:00 on wednesday.
no thaks for helping
i'm most grateful. oops! one more request! a hotel with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.
area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and expensive
i am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves indian food.
i am interested in the one in the north.
yes, please for 19:00 on saturday.
book a table for 1 person please.
i am looking for a place to stay.
i am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the north part of town that is a guesthouse.
how about a guesthouse that is in the cheap price range?
worth house sounds much nicer. that is cheap correct? if so could you please try and book it for me for 3 nights? same day and people.
i need the reference number
no, thank you for your help.
i feel like going to a nightclub.
i will really apreciate.
what is the entrance fee? is it in the west part of town?
is there a way you can get me a ticket?
yes, please provide the number.
i also need a hotel. preferably a 4 star one with free parking.
i would like to book the one that is in the west please.
it will be 3 people for one night.
starting on monday please.
no that is all i needed for the night thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food and is moderately priced.
i do not care what area it is in.
yes, what about turkish food?
may i have the address of anatolia?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge in a moderate price range. can you help?
no, i'm flexible on the area but i would really like them to offer both free parking and free wifi.
yes, for 7 people. we want to check in on friday and stay for two nights.
how about 1 night?
i also need a train leaving from norwich arriving at in cambride by 13:45
the same day as my hotel booking, please.
yes please. please recommend my best option. an earlier time would be fine.
yes, that's perfect. please book for the same day, friday, and the same number of people, 7.
thank you kind person for helping me!
no, that will be all, thank you.
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant today.
expensive price range is fine
not really. i am just looking for a good local restaurant.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on sunday please.
i need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.
i would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday
i am also looking for a cheap indian place to eat.
i'd prefer the centre, please.
do you have the phone number?
what is wrong with me, i also need the address and postal code, i dont know why i didn't just ask all of that at once.
yes, i need a taxi please to commute between the two.
that hotel we discussed earlier.
i would like to leave by 11:15 please.
that's it for me. thanks! bye
i need an italian place in the moderate price range to eat at.
yes, i like you to tell me all 5 options,than i will decide!
are any of those options located in the centre of town?
choose one of them for me and let me know the phone number, address, and postcode please.
i'll think about it, thank you. could you reccommend a few attractions in the same area of town?
please book a taxi between all saints church and pizza express, i'd like to leave the church by 21:45.
okay that's all i need for now. thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 0 star rating.
okay thank you so much!
no, thank you!
what is the phone number and post code for that b and b?
yes, i need a restaurant that serves sri lankan food in the same area.
that's ok, can you look for an italian food restaurant.
no that will be all thank you
i need to make a reservation at a hotel called el shaddai
just gathering information about the hotel first. could you tell me what area of the city they're in, the price, and if they have internet connectivity?
great, i would like to book that hotel, please.
actually i think i'll travel there myself thank you.
that's all, thank you so much.
i am looking for places to go in the centre of town. can you help?
is there a college i could visit?
in the centre would be perfect!
that sounds great!! can i have their address, and how much is the entrance fee?
yes, i also need a place to stay. are there any 4 star hotel in the north with free parking?
the price doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star hotel.
no, but can i have the phone number and the address?
thanks for all your help!
nope, i'm all set. thank you!
i am looking for a place to dine in cambridge
i would like a place in the centre of town, serves indian food and on the expensive side.
i will call them, thank you for your help.
i am also looking for a hotel called the university arms hotel.
yes, i would like to book 5 nights starting wednesday for 6 people. may i also have the reference number please.
great, can i also get a taxi as well.
yes from the restaurant to my hotel. i need to leave the restaurant by 17:00.
great, thanks. could you give me their contact number?
not at this time but your help has been appreciated.
i'm looking for a specific hotel in cambridge.
yes it is the carolina bed and breakfast.
i am also looking to go to a concerthall.
oh, before i forget. can i ask for the star rating on carolina b&b? and yes, can i get both the address and phone number for the concert hall please?
yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? i'll want to leave the hotel by 09:45.
thanks, i think that is all i need.
i certainly will. thank you, again. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food.
can you look for vietnamese restaurants then?
no, thank you.
goodbye.
i need to take a train to cambridge, it would have to be late after 21:45
um, well i should mention that we will be departing kings lynn and going to cambridge.
this one will leave on sunday correct?
yes that will work thank you. i also need help finding a certain hotel if you can?
it's the acorn guest house.
could you book it for 3 people. it will be for 2 nights starting on the day we get there.
no. that does it for me. thanks. goodbye.
my friend recommended little seoul, but i need some help locating it.
great! can you help me book a table for wednesday?
yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.
yes, i need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.
i want to leave after 13:15 on thursday.
yes, please book it for 5 people.
no, that was it. thank you for your help. good bye.
please locate me an italian restaurant in the centre area.
it should be expensive.
no preference really, you pick. i'll need the address please.
great i also am looking for a hotel called cityroomz
yes can i please have the address?
no, that's all i need. thank you.
i need to find the autumn house hotel.
do they have free parking there?
yes, can you please and send me the reference number?
5 days and i need postcode and entrance fee
right, as i states above, 5 days please.
can you also find a swimming pool i can visit?
could i get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the east?
i need a taxi as well?
i need to leave from autumn house to a swimming pool
i need to arrive by 05:15.
that will be all thank you
hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?
something in the north.
no. i don't but i've heard loch fyne is good. do you have information about this restaurant?
let's book it for 8 at 15:00 on thursday
thank you so much!
i also need to book a taxi
i am going to the loch fyne restaurant at the little rose 37 trumpington street
i will be departing from christ's college
i will be heading to the restaurant.
it should be there at booked time
yes, i'll need the car type and contact number for the taxi, please?
yeah ok do that please
thank you that is all i need today.
yes. thank you. goodbye
can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
i don't care. either one is fine.
could i have the address and phone number please?
no, that is all i needed. thank you. bye bye.
i can't wait to see some local attractions when i visit. i am looking for a convenient place to stay while i'm there.
hotel should be in the moderate and in centre of town
yes, i'd like the phone number and postcode, please.
i'm looking for an attraction called clare college.
perfect, thank you. that's all i need for today.
i want to find out more about the arbury guesthouse.
i want to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting tuesday
were you able to book it for tuesday?
great. do you also have any entertainment venues in the east?
yes i would please.
ok, that is all of the information i need. thank you!
i am looking for a local restaurant, and also places to go while i am in cambridge
east part and where there is entertainment,i also need address and phone number
awesome. i'm also looking for the sitar tandoori.
that's the one. could you book a table for 3 on sunday?
we'd like the reservation made for 13:00 if possible.
no, you have been great. have a great day. bye.
i would like to find a cheap african restaurant in the area.
what cheap restaurants are in the centre?
how about spanish food. do you have a restaurant serving that?
yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on sunday. can you give me the reference number?
yes, can you help me find places to go to in town?
i would like a museum in the same area as la raza.
i think what ever one you would say is best please.
can you please provide me with the postcode and phone number for the museum?
you have helped me a lot thanks !
hi. have you heard of pizza hut city centre by chance? i may want to eat there soon.
no, i just need the postcode and address please. is this an italian restaurant?
no that's all i needed. thank you!
hello. i am interested in finding some good local restaurants. do you have any that you would suggest?
i'm sorry, i actually need a train on wednesday from peterborough to cambridge. i need to arrive by 10:00.
yes,please book it for 7 people.
yes, i'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town.
i would prefer italian please. let me know what options you have for that cusine type.
is that in the east in the moderate price range? if it is i would like a table for the same day for 7 people at 20:00 please.
yes, i will try for a little earlier, how about 19:00? i will need a reference number also.
thank you that's all that i need!
yes. i do not need anymore assistance. thank you.
can you book me a train to cambridge that leaves on saturday.
i would like to leave from stansted airport after 15:00
i would maybe be interested in booking this train. what is the train id, price per ticket and arrival time?
okay thanks, i also need info for the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
i would like to make a reservation for 6 people on saturday.
i'd like the table for 19:00, please.
great, all i need is the reference number please.
can you try again please?
could you please try 18:00 on the same day?
that is all. thank you.
hi! i need a train to birmingham new street.
i will be traveling on wednesday from cambridge. i need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.
could you just give me the train id and price on that please?
i would also love to find a place to stay and should be in the east
need one in the east and have 2 stars.
yes a reservation for three please
3 nights starting from sunday.
i need it for 5 people, please. and could you get me the reference number.
that's all i need for today. thanks!
i'm looking for some entertainment for later.
yes, i'd like to stay in the south part of town please.
yes. please tell me the one you like best and then how much that place costs to get in.
i also need a hotel in the centre in the moderate price range with free parking.
can you try looking in the south then?
yeah could you please book one of those for me?
i need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting friday.
it will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
that is all, thank you.
thank you! have a great day!
i want an expensive french place to dine in.
in the north please.
no i want the post code and address
a train. the train should arrive by 20:45 and should go to stansted airport
departing from cambridge on saturday.
it doesn't matter what time i leave as long as i arrive at the airport by 20:45.
yes please, can you book 2 tickets and can i get a reference number please? thank you.
thank you, my trip is planned, that is everything.
can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?
i am looking for something expensive in the west please.
i'm sorry, make that the centre of town. a thai restaurant would be fine.
yes i would like a table for 4 people at 16:00 on saturday.
i am looking for an expensive place in the centre area with free wifi?
no thank you. what is the university arms hotel's postcode?
what type of hotel is the university arms?
i would like to book a taxi that can commute to both places, it would need to arrive by the booked time. please provide contact and the car type.
yes, thank you.
no, that's all. thank you.
hi i am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
i want it to be a guesthouse,have free parking.
can you book it for 5 night for 7 starting on friday ? i also need free parking
i would also like to find some swedish food.
okay, how about indian food?
can you find me something in the east part of town? price range doesn't matter.
sound great! can i book a table for 7 at 17:00 on friday?
thanks so much for all of your help you've been great!
nope, that's all i needed today. thank you, goodbye!
i am looking for a particular attraction.
yeah, it's called saint catharine's college i believe.
can i get the phone number please?
what type of attraction is that college?
okay, thank you. is there somewhere near there to stay in the moderate price rage, with 4 stars?
have you checked in the north?
i require free wifi.
alright, book me one for a four night stay starting on saturday.
just for 1 person, thanks.
thank you very much.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
are there any other places?
sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?
what is the price range ?
that sounds yummy. what is their address and phone number?
no thank you. bye bye!
i need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.
no, i don't really care. can you suggest one?
that sounds yummy! what is their postcode and phone number, please?
no, that is all i need today. thank you!
i need to take a train from norwich, leaving after 21:15.
i would like to go to ely please.
i meant cambridge please. i would like to arrive in cambridge on monday after 21:15.
i don't need anything booked. i just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to cambridge leaving after 21:15.
great, thanks! i'm also looking for a 4 star hotel in the north. can you please help with that?
i would like to keep it in the moderate range, please.
i do not have a preference on those things.
please book it and provide the reference number.
please book the hotel for 4 people and 2 nights. thank you.
the same day... monday please.
that's all i need for today. thanks for your help!
i need a train on wednesday, arriving close to 14:45.
i will be leaving from cambridge and arriving in leicester.
i have no preference for departure time as long as i arrive by 14:45.
yes that sounds good, can you please give me the train id and travel time?
yes i am looking for a guesthouse on the north side of town.
no, i don't need internet or free parking. could you tell me the star ratings for those?
no thanks, but can i have the postcode and price range for the acorn, please?
great thank you that's all the info i need today.
can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
any area would be fine. but do any of the guesthouses have a 3 star rating?
the area doesn't matter, i just need to make sure i have a place to stay for 4 nights starting saturday.
3 people.
how about just 1 night?
thanks so much, i can't wait. bye.
i am looking for information about the city centre north b and b hotel. can you help me with that?
yes can i book it for 6 people starting on saturday for 4 nights please?
sure. let's try 2 nights. thanks. i'll need a reference number, too, please.
great! i also need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, please.
the train should arrive by 14:45 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.
please book that train for me now.
i need 6 tickets for the same day.
that's all i need today, thank you.
i'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the north.
that will be fine. i have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,5, and 6.
i'll be arriving on a saturday and staying for 5 days.
sorry about that, i don't need a booking. could you just give me the price range, postcode, and address instead? sorry for the confusion
yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the north?
the golden wok sounds good. can i get reservations at 17:45?
it will just be one in the party. but i want to make sure i am out of the restaurant by 17:45 so can you make my reservation earlier?
i also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at 17:45.
i need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 17:45.
that is it thanks for your help
i am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 16:30.
yes, i need to leave norwich on friday.
i am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and i need to book 5 tickets. and can you please give me the reference number?
i just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.
i also need help looking up a restaurant called hk fusion.
could you book a table for me there please? 5 people on friday at 20:00.
thank you! i think that's all i need for now.
are there any chinese restaurants in the centre part of town?
are they expensive?
please look for something else in the expensive price range. i will need the address, post code and phone number.
sure! what's the address, postcode, and phone number of it?
thank you for your help
are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the east part of the city?
no, how about chinese food?
okay, can i please have the phone number?
i am also looking for a hotel called limehouse
can you tell me if limehouse has internet access?
i also need a taxi that will pick me up by by 8:15 from the guest house to the restaurant. i will appreciate to have the car type and the number.
i want to leave the restaurant by 8:15.
thank you. that's all i needed. i appreciate all of your help.
i'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.
yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.
thank you very much for your help. have a great day.
may i please have information about a train to stevenage, leaving on tuesday?
yes, please.
any that leave after 08:00 would be fine. i'll need a booking for 5 people, please.
i would also like a moderately priced place to stay.
free wifi and 4 stars please
sounds great. i'd like to make a reservation for saturday.
yes for 5 people and 3 nights.
no, thank you, that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i'm here to visit some colleges, can you please help me find the addresses of some of them?
nothing in particular. just give me the area, postcode, and phone for one of them.
i will need the phone number for them as well please.
i also need a place to eat called tandoori palace.
no thank you. i would just like the phone number and address.
thank you for your help. have a great day.
can you help me find somewhere in town to go to for entertainment?
preferably the town centre.
no, that's ok. how about colleges? can you recommend a good one in the centre of town?
yes, please. i;m also looking for an expensive place to dine in the same area as the college. can you help me with that?
if there is a restaurant which serves indian food, that would be perfect.
before i book the restaurant, i wanted to finish getting information on christ's college. i have the address. i just need the postcode and phone number, please?
can you help me find a restaurant in cambridge called loch fyne?
can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on wednesday, around 16:30 for me?
thanks so much. i am also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?
i would like it to be in the west.
the attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of museum.
okay great! what is their phone number please?
that's all i need today. thanks for all your help!
i think this would be a good time to end the dialogue. goodbye.
i need a place to stay that includes parking
a hotel on the east side with free internet and parking if thats doable.
i need the postcode too.
no thanks, but i'd like some information on a train next.
i am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by 12:00.
this will be on a friday and i'm going to leicester.
i would like to arrive by 12:00, which ever one is closest to that.
yes! please book for me and three friends. i need the reference number as well.
no, that should be all. thank you!
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay the night. i'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. do you have any recommendations?
no, i don't need to book a room, but can i get their contact info and location please. thanks.
do they have internet?
yes - are there any restaurants serving international cuisine that are located in the center of town?
sure is that in the moderate price range?
yes, please book for 6 people at 1330 on wednesday. can i also have the reference number as well?
what about the other restaurant that serves international cuisine?
yes, i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday.
no how about trying another restaurant for the same time.
could you try it for tuesday?
if neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try 14:30? it's later than i wished, but i guess that can't be helped.
can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for wednesday at 13:30?
great can you please book that for me, and give me the reference number
that will be all today. thank you very much.
i'd like some help finding a park on the south side.
great! could you give me the postcode for that address please?
thanks! is there also a restaurant called curry king?
yes, that would be great. i'll need a table on thursday, 6 people, at 18:15.
no, that's all i needed. thank you so much for your help.
you too, good bye now.
i am looking for information on the yippee noodle bar.
can i get the address and phone number?
on second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on sunday?
sure, please try for 11:30 sunday. still 5 people. thanks.
thanks for your help.
i'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. i'm looking forward to a good lunch in cambridge!
ok thank you, lets book that one
i would need seats for 5 people please.
thank you. can you also help me find a good italian eatery? i'd like it to be moderately priced, please.
the area doesn't matter. please recommend a good place if you could. i need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on tuesday.
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.
same day tuesday, lets try for 16:45, get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.
that is all, thank you very much
i'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.
i'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.
no, but i want free parking.
yes, please. can you book a room for thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?
perfect. i'm also looking for a moderately priced swedish restaurant.
can you find a restaurant in the north?
the indian place could work.
there will be 5 of us for thursday.
i would like reservations at 13:15.
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.
i want to leave on sunday.
09:15 please, thank you for your help.
departure time isn't important as long as i can get to cambridge by 09:15.
no, not today. can you just give me the train id and travel time? i guess i will need that departure time too. thanks.
thanks, i also need an expensive thai restaurant.
which one has thai food?
could you give me the phone number and address of sala thong?
can i also get the postcode please?
no that will be all, thanks.
i'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on wednesday for 8 people?
mexican sounds good.
perfect! thank you!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
i like greek food.
just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 17:15.
hello, i am planning a visit to cambridge and would like to find out about bloomsbury restaurant.
actually, are you able to book me a table? i'd like it to be for saturday. the table should be for 8 people, at 19:15, and please provide a reference number.
i would like a train, arriving by 1500 and departing from birmingham new street.
cambridge, of course! i need the make it to the restaurant booking!
i would like to leave at 11:40 please
can you confirm that the train booing is for 8 people, please?
wonderful! you have been incredibly helpful. that will be all i need today.
help me find a place to eat expensive russian food.
are there any russian restaurants in the west at all, forget it being expensive.
are there any expensive restaurants that serve indian food in that area?
that can work. can you get the address and postcode please?
thank you. i also need a hotel in the same price range, but it must include free parking.
the hotel must have free wifi too, sorry.
i need a booking starting on monday for 3 nights for 8 people please.
thank you that's all!
hello! i'm looking for a fun attraction in the center of town.
how about the cinema? could you tell me their name, as well as their phone number and entrance fee?
thank you very much. i am also interested in a hotel named "bridge guest house." can you please provide me with a bit of information regarding this hotel?
can you just go ahead and book that for me?
i want to go on sunday. 7 people and 5 nights. thank you.
thank you, have a great day.
you have. thanks again. good-bye.
are there any trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday?
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by 20.45
i would like to make a booking for tr2286 for 1 person.
thank you i also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking.
i don't have a preference for area, i would just like it to have 4 stars and a moderate cost with free parking.
that works. what's the phone number, area, and if they have internet?
could you book it for me?
i just need it for one night for one person please. can you tell me which area it is in?
thank you very much, i think that's all i needed.
hi, i could definitely use some help finding information on a particular hotel.
i am interested in the gonville hotel.
i need the price range, area, and star of the hotel.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
on second thought, i believe i'll wait on that reservation.
yes, i need a train leaving after 18:30
leaving norwich going to cambridge on thursday
that train will be fine. can i please get the train id, arrival time and travel time?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4,
i need to be in the centre. is there a guesthouse available, if there are no hotels?
great! i want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
how about thursday?
thanks, that's all i need. goodbye.
yes, i'm looking for the hotel limehouse.
please. i'll be checking in by myself on sunday, and staying for five nights.
yes. what can you tell me about cherry hinton hall and grounds? i am interested in visiting it. do i need to book a tour?
yes, could you provide me with their phone number as well?
that should be all, thank you.
i'm looking for a high scale chinese restaurant.
yes, i do. i would like it to be in the north.
no but can i make a booking for 8 people at 18:30 on sunday.
thank you so much for your help
yes, get me some more information on magdalene college please
what is their postcode?
can i get a taxi from magdalene to hakka, please? i need to make sure i get there for that reservation.
great! thanks for all your help today! goodbye
i am looking for a restaurant called j restaurant.
yes please, for 4 people at 17:45 on saturday.
thank you, i am also looking for a train, i need it to depart from cambridge on sunday.
uh... you alright? i guess i can do it myself...
i'd like to leave after 09:30 on sunday and go to kings lynn from cambridge.
let's go with the 10:11 train. i'd like to book for 4 people and will need a reference number, please.
alright, that's everything. thank you for all of your help!
hello, i am looking for info on a restaurant in northern cambridge that has moderate prices. could you help me?
the indian one sounds perfect. i don't need a reservation just yet. what is the name of it?
no, that is all i need for now, thank you for your help.
hello. can you help me in locating a certain hotel?
i am looking for the alpha-milton guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting friday. can you send me the reference please?
that's all, thank you so much!
hello, any interesting colleges in town?
not really. which do you think would be the most interesting to visit?
what is the postcode of corpus christi?
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in.
i need something with free parking and a 4 star rating.
pick any of them, please. book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting thursday.
i want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. what is the address and postcode?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.
i don't really care. can you please suggest one for me? and please include the postcode. thanks.
no thank you. i did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.
i would like to go to a museum. are there any in the area?
that sounds interesting. can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?
can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the bistro?
i want to leave the museum by 07:45.
no, thank you. that's everything i needed today.
hi, i'm trying to find a restaurant called hk fusion. what info can you get me for that?
what is the phone number and food type?
no i think that's all i need to know. thanks for the help.
yes, and then some! thanks so much.
i want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
is that because there are no options without internet? i can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but i do need free parking.
it doesn't matter. i'd like 4 stars though.
sure. what is the hotel type and address please?
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from cambridge.
what type of food does the oak bistro in cambridge serve?
yes, please book a table for 5 on saturday at 16:45. may i get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?
what do you mean? do you have another suggestion?
the oak bistro for 5 people on sunday at 16:45. also i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.
no preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. i need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday.
is it available for 2 nights then?
thanks. i'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to make sure i get there by the 16:45 reservation.
could i get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.
thank you. do i need a reservation number for the taxi?
i almost forgot; i need the hotel name, lol.
thank you so much for your help today.
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
is there anything else ?
what is the address, phone number, and type of food of one of them?
thank you. good bye.
i am interested in staying at the a and b guest house, could you help me book my stay?
oh yes, sorry. i would like to check in on wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 7 of us.
great and i'd like to find some entertainment.
oh, i don't mind where it is, but i'm thinking i'd like to visit something with boats.
any one will do. i would just need to know how much it costs and the address and phone number for it.
well, the phone numbers and addresses of these boat attractions would be helpful.
i also need the entrance fee.
okay i will give them a call.
that is all thank you.
thanks again. good bye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.
not really. i've heard saffron brasserie is good, though. could you book a table for 6 there at 19:45 on wednesday?
i would also like to find something fun to do in the west of town.
just choose one that is your favorite and tell me its type and phone number
i assume that is a college type, right? and i also need a taxi
i need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by 18:45.
i appreciate all your help. that will be all for now.
i'd like a train leaving on monday and arriving by 11:45, please.
london kings cross to cambridge please.
that works,will yhou book it for 5 people and i need the train number
yes, i do need the reference number.
i am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's moderately priced. can you help with that?
are they both 2 star rated?
yes book the ashley hotel for the same group of people for 2 nights.
on monday please.
on monday, please. i want a place to stay when i get there.
no, thank you very much for your help.
can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi?
i would like it to be in the moderate price range please.
the area doesn't matter. i need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
no, that's all i need. thanks!
i want to stay at a 4 star hotel
i need a place in the east with free wifi.
okay that sounds good. let's book it for just me, and i am planning to stay 4 nights beginning thursday.
could you please try one night
great, thanks for your help.
nope that was all i needed today. thanks! take care!
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
i don't care. i just need to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue please.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
thank you, goodbye
goodbye
i need directions to leverton house, a hotel in cambridge, can you help me?
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on tuesday. there are 5 in my party.
yes, i am also looking for a train out of cambridge for thursday.
i want to travel to norwich.
i would like to leave after 20:45. could i get the arrival time and train id?
i'm just looking for a hotel to stay at tonight please.
i want to stay in the north. are there any 2-star hotels with free wifi?
is that a hotel or a guesthouse, please? and what is their postcode?
not at the moment, but you can help me with one more thing? i'd like info on a particular attraction called lynne strover gallery.
i need their phone number and address.
looking for arbury lodge guesthouse
yes i would like a room for 4 nights starting from sunday. i will also need the reference number please.
just one person please.
thanks. i'm also looking for some places to visit around town.
i would like to visit a college in the centre please.
wow! that's one smart place. pick one that you like!
yes please give me their entrance fee and phone number.
i also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by 12:30.
thanks so much for the information. good day!
i want to take a train from cambridge to kings lynn.
it will be on friday.
i want one that leaves after 13:00
can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the centre of town please?
actually, sorry i got ahead of myself. i still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 13:00. i want to book for 5 people.
no, i need to leave after 13:00
that would be perfect! can i have a reference number for the train?
yeah, so that restaurant. i want something that serves fusion if possible.
yes please try mediterranean food.
ok. can you give me their address and phone number?
i'll have to think about it, but thank you.
that's all i need, thank you!
i want somewhere that serves traditional food.
how abou asian oriental food
what is the address and phone number?
thank you. good bye.
yes, i am looking for a place to stay tonight. the hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. ideally, i'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
i would like one with 4 stars please.
any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting sunday?
thank you. i will not need their address. goodbye.
i am looking for a college type attraction.
none. just recommend one and let me know its entry fee.
great! i also need a moderate priced guesthouse.
the area doesn't matter, but i would like 4 stars, please.
do they also have free parking?
not at the moment. what is the postcode?
i would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 08:45. i need contact number and car type please.
no, that's it. thank you!
hello. i need a place to stay in cambridge, in the centre that is 4 stars.
as long as it has wifi.can you book it for me ?
i would like to check in on monday and stay till thursday. just me and my wife.
i will be leaving on thursday. can you book and give me the reference number?
are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 2 people for three nights starting on monday?
thanks! i'd also like a vietnamese restaurant. a cheap one, though.
may i have their phone number please?
no that's all the information i need for now. thank you very much, have a nice evening. good bye.
i need a cinema to go to in the south.
can you tell me the address?
yes, i need to find a restaurant in the same area.
do any of the nine restaurants serve north american food?
we eat pizza hut way to much. can you try something with indian food? it is a special occasion so it can be expensive.
no, but can you give me the phone number and postcode? thanks!
thank you! you have answered all of my needs.
if you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the south end
i am still deciding, can you verify whether or not they have free parking?
yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on sunday. we will have 8 people in our party.
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south.
anything you recommend will work. i need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 19:15
i would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, one that gets me there in time for my reservation.
can you give me a contact number for the taxi and the car type that will pick me up?
no, that is all. thank you very much!
can you help me find a place to have dinner?
i'd like some good asian oriental food. near the centre of town would be great.
actually, do you have anything that is expensive. it's a business meeting so i'd like to impress them.
yes can you book it for tuesday at 12:00 for 4 people?
no that is everything that i need. thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day.
i am looking for a restaurant in west cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.
yes, i am interested in the one that serves italian food.
there will be 4 people and i would like to reserve it for wednesday at 6:15.
how about 17:15?
great. can you also tell me about churchill college? i am thinking of visiting that.
i think that was it. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. thank you.
the type of food is not important, but i would like a nice place that has tables available on saturday evening.
great i would like to make a booking for 21 person on a saturday for 18:45.
just for one person. i'm a sad and lonely person. do you want to join me for dinner??
i also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on sunday.
i would like to arrive by 15:00.
i need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 15:00.
yes can you book that for 1 person as well?
yes, that would be great. it will be only one person.
nope, that's it for me today. thanks a lot.
i'm looking for hotels in the center.
i would like for the hotel to have a 4 star rating and include free wifi.
i don't have a preference.
yes, please book a room for 3 people and 5 nights.
please start the reservation on monday. what is the reference number? i also need a restaurant that serves australasian food at a moderate price in the same area as the hotel
could you see if there is a restaurant that serves british food in the same area as the hotel?
three people please, on monday at 18:30.
thank you very much for your help.
i need to find a hotel in cambridge with decent prices.
the area is flexible. but, i would like something moderately priced and have a star rating of 0.
i would like it in the centre.
friday, for 1 person and will stay for 2 days. can you book it for me ?
oh i'm sorry i forgot to mention i must have a hotel that includes free parking.
perfect. i'll need help finding a restaurant called the cambridge chop shop, too.
yeah that's it, book it for me as well please.
i don't need a reservation at this moment. can i have the postcode for the el shaddai hotel?
no, i think that's everything i need. thanks a bunch!
this saturday, i need to take a train from ely to cambridge. can you assist me?
i want to arrive by 11:30.
please. i'll need 8 tickets.
yes, i need a place to dine, preferably in the centre and i would like it to have modern european food.
the price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. as long as they have a table for 8 at 15:30 on saturday.
that sounds good! could you book it for me?
would thursday work better for the booking?
hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on saturday. and if that doesn't work, then thursday.
can you try again please?
there are eight of us.
thank you very much. goodbye
what theaters are in the cambridge centre?
ok, can i get the address and entrance fee for the mumford theatre?
yes please. i would like that very much and i also would like information on the ugly duckling restaurant.
i am looking for a place to stay and i want it to be a guesthouse.
are any of those 4 star?
please recommend one that is in the north. wifi not a necessity.
yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday please. can you suggest good restaurants in the area as well?
i would prefer italian food and to be in the same area as the hotel. thank you.
yes, please. again, there are 5 of us on sunday. book us for 11:00.
i would like a taxi to the restaurant.
i want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my 11:00 reservation. please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi
thanks for your help, goodbye!
hello, can you recommend attractions in the centre of town, please?
what is their postcode?
thanks. i also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
i'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.
i really do not care anything will do
i want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 07:30?
thank you for all of your assistance.
i am looking for a particular attraction. its name is called the place.
can you get me phone number please, thank you
thanks. i am also looking for a hotel room.
the hotel should be in the type of hotel and doesn't need to include internet. the hotel doesn't need to have free parking. price doesn't matter.
i don't need you to book it thank you.
sorry, i am changing my mind. please book cityroomz for 4 nights starting on saturday, for 8 people. thanks.
thanks a lot for all your help!
okay goodbye
i am planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a place to stay. i prefer a 4 star hotel in the west.
i would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. do you have one?
do they have free parking?
id love to book!
can you please give me the address and phone number of the location? i would also like to find some college-related attractions in that area.
ok, thank you. i can't book just yet. are there any colleges in the east part of town?
hmm. is there a similar guesthouse in an area that does have colleges?
i'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 21:00. i'd also like the contact number and car type.
great! may i have the address and phone number?
great, now i need to book a taxi to go between the two, please.
great! thanks for your help.
actually i think there has been some confusion. i'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the west. the locations you gave me are in the wrong area.
okay, thank you.
nah that won't be necessary. appreciate the help!
i am looking for places to go in the east.
nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the east side.
looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
not really. could you recommend something?
no, thank you, not at this time.
yes for 3 people for 5 nights from wednesday.
great thank you. that is all i needed.
i'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.
the area doesn't matter. i would like free wifi though, if possible.
not really, how about 4 star?
do they also have free parking?
yes. i also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.
no, i don't need a hotel booking at this time. i'd like to find a place to dine on sunday.
could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
i want to try seafood. can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on thursday?
please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as loch fyne.
yes,and book it for 4 people on thursday at 7:45,thank you.
could you please give me the reference number?
no thank you that is all i needed. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town
it doesn't matter. we want to eat indian food.
please provide me with the address and telephone number.
could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on sunday.
no thank you that is all
sorry, i do need to find a guesthouse as well. something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?
no thank you, i just need the address, phone number and area.
may i also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time
i do need the taxi to get to curry garden by the booked time of 14:30. i'm a little scatter brained today. thank you for clarifying.
nope, that's all thanks so much!
yes,that is it for today. thanks again.
looking for places to go in town and be in the south
the attraction should be in the south.
what's the entrance fee?
then find me a particular hotel called cityroomz
yes, please book it.
i need it for thursday night, for four nights, for 4 people. i'll also need a taxi by 10:15. i need the car type and contact number please.
thank you. i'd also like to book a taxi. i need to leave the hotel by 10:15.
i think i got everything i need thanks to you!
i am looking for an expensive korean restaurant. can you tell me my options please?
yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on monday. thanks!
yes, i am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.
that sounds great, can i get the phone number and postcode please?
no,and thank you kind person for helping me!
i need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?
yes, i'd like to stay in the east part of town. i prefer something expensive also.
yes that would be great, thank you.
i need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting saturday.
i would also like a place to go in the same area as the hotel.
what is the postcode for the hotel? i would also like to visit a museum.
that technology museum sounds interesting. do you have the postcode, please?
i'd like a train leaving from norwich and arriving by 17:15, please.
i'll be going to cambridge on saturday.
the train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 4 people
that should work, can i please get a reference number? also, i am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 4 stars.
no, but i would prefer a guest house.
just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend. i need it for 3 nights for my group. for the same day we are traveling.
no that was all thank you.
are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food?
what about any expensive restaurants with traditional american food in the centre of town?
sure how about italian?
the restaurant sounds good. please book a table for sunday at 17:00 for 4 people.
that will be all. thank you. goodbye!
hi. i'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
yes, i'd like a restaurant that serves portuguese food.
nandos sounds great. thank you.
goodbye.
i am looking for a hotel with free parking but wifi isn't a necessity.
i would like it to be cheap.
hotel please.
can i have the address and postcode?
i am also looking for a place to dine
it should be in the same price range as the hotel.
i actually really want some turkish food. can you find a place in the centre that is cheap?
please check again for a cheap turkish restaurant in the centre. if not, try indian food.
hm is there a cheap turkish food restaurant anywhere in cambridge?
do you have any cheap restaurants in the centre?
no, do you have one you recommend?
ok that will work. i need the address, phone, post code for that.
thank you. i still need the address and postcode.
no thanks, that's all for now.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food.
how about a restaurant in the centre that serves korean food?
yes please. i would like a table for 7 on tuesday. try for 11:15 please.
how about 10:15?
thank you so much for your help. bye.
looking for mediterranean food
yes, i'd like the address and phone number please.
thank you! goodbye.
hello, i need to book a ticket on a train from broxbourne on friday.
i would need to leave after 09:15. what's the first train after that time?
yes, that would be good for me. that is tr2145 and leaving at 09:32 arriving by 10:32.
one ticket, please.
great can i also find a place to dine in the centre of town with halal food?
can you check for one with british food?
no preference, give me an option.
yes i would like to book the copper kettle for 2 people on friday for 18:15.
that is all for today. thank you!
i am looking for a park in the west area.
how about museums in the west?
yes please give me their address.
yes, i'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking please.
i want it to be rated 4 stars and have wifi included
no that does not matter to me, i just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday. i'll need a reference number.
i want a taxi to pick me up at 19:15 from the attraction and take me to the hotel. please give me car type and contact info.
perfect!! thank you for all your help.
i want to find a train that leaves from norwich on monday.
yes, the train needs to arrive in cambridge by 12:15.
any departure time is fine.
i need 5 tickets. can i please also have the reference number?
yes, actually. i'm looking for information on the sitar tandoori restaurant.
i'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at 16:15 if it's available. i'd also like the reference number for that please.
can you try 15:15? and i'll need a reference number if they have a table available.
great that's all i needed, thank you for your help.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food
european food that is moderately priced please.
what is the address and postcode?
that is it. thank you.
i'm looking for a train leaving on saturday from kings lynn.
i need to leave after 13:00.
i am wanting to go to cambridge.
yes book for 4 people
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre city.
no preference. can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 17:45 on saturday. & may i have the reference # please?
that would be fine. is it available saturday at 17:45?
thank you for your help, have a nice day.
i need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.
the cuisine doesn't really matter, but i guess i should try some british food while i'm there?
can you book it for 7 people this monday at 13:30 please?
can you try 12:30 please?
any interesting attractions in that part of town?
i'm sorry. i need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was british food. i also need a taxi there by the booked time.
before we worry about the taxi, i guess it would help to find which attraction. sorry to confuse you. what attractions do you have in the west?
what would you recommend?
that sounds wonderful, could i get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?
i would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and i would like to make sure i arrive in time for my reservation.
can i get the contact number and car type, please?
you have been a great help! thank you! goodbye.
i'm going to be in centre cambridge and am looking for something to do. suggestions?
how about a college?
i would like to see more information about corpus christi.
i would like the postcode for corpus christi too.
i would also like to book a place to stay, please.
i would like a moderate priced guesthouse if possible.
i would like for it to have free wifi.
any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on saturday for 2 people, please.
actually, yes. can you book a taxi leaving corpus christi college by 24:15?
okay great. you've been a lot of help.
i really have a craving for some good chinese food. can you suggest a place?
i just need one that is moderately priced. can you just recommend one and give me the phone number please?
could you recommend me some places to go that is in the centre?
oh anything would do really, just needs to be in the centre.
yes could i get the postcode of the nightclub?
okay thanks! that's all i needed to know!
that is all i needed, thank you. good bye.
hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves kosher food?
that's alright. how about chinese food?
i need it to be in the moderate range please.
cool, which one is the best?
no thanks. i would like the area, address, and postcode please and i will take it from there.
i also need a train from cambridge to norwich.
i need to leave monday and arrive by 21:30.
yes that should work, how much will that cost?
that is all i need today thank you for your time.
i really need to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. an expensive one is fine.
no, that's okay, i'll just drop in.
please provide phone number, address, and postcode for darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
while i have you, could you please give me some information about the hamilton lodge, if you have it?
yeah, actually, i need rooms for 6 people starting on thursday. i need it for 5 nights.
thank you. that's all i need.
i'm looking for place called club salsa.
i needed the address, so thanks for that!
i'm also looking for info on a restaurant called pipasha.
could you tell me what area pipasha is in along with the post code?
i'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant. can you schedule that for me?
i would like to leave by 21:45 please.
nope. that will be all, thanks.
i wanted to visit the center, could you tell the the hours it is open?
i am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. can you make suggestions?
can you tell me the postcode for ballare? that sounds fun.
i was hoping for a cheap restaurant close to the vue cinema.
do you have any that serve australian?
what about chinese food?
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on friday. may i please have the reference number?
i would also like to check on getting a taxi to commute me between the two places.
sorry not sure yet.
for the taxi i need to be picked up in enough time to arrive to the restaurant in time.
i need to leave from the vue cinema to get to charlie chan by 12:15.
thank you for all your help.
can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the east part of town?
what is the phone number and postcode?
hey there. i think i need a vacation asap. you think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?
i would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the east.
how about a guesthouse?
i have no preference but i need it for 3 nights starting on friday for 3 people.
how about 2 nights?
i'm looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking.
it should arrive by 8:30.
i want to depart from broxbourne. could i get a reference number please?
please book the 6:32 train for 3 people and please provide me the reference number
that's it for now. thanks for all your help. great service. good bye.
i'm looking for a fun nightclub here in town.
the one in the center sounds fun. how much is the entrance fee?
can i get the address and phone number?
thank you. i am also hoping to stay at a guesthouse in the north. can you help me with that?
i don't have a star preference.
do they offer free parking? if so, i would like to book.
could you check one that's in the moderate range instead?
i'm glad that it's a nice place, but is it moderately priced and with free parking?
that is just fine. please book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
no that is all for now thank you.
i need to take a train to bishops stortford on thursday.
my schedule is somewhat flexible but i need to arrive by 14:00.
yes i would like a booking for 5 people.
thank you. i also need information on the gonville hotel. can you look at that for me?
i need to book that hotel for four nights.
the hotel will also be for 5 people starting sunday
thank you that was all i needed.
i'm looking for a hotel in the expensive price range. internet is not necessary.
i need a place in the east, please.
um, no thank you. i think that's all i need for today!
no, actually i do need to book the holiday inn cambridge as long as it has free wifi.
can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on saturday?
thanks, do you know of any colleges near the hotel?
how about a swimming pool in the same area?
can i get the entrance fee and phone number for the abbey pool please?
ok. that's all i need then.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.
i'd like free parking.
i don't really have a preference for area. but i would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. and i would love free parking.
i need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting sunday.
how about the ashley hotel?
i am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday. i need to leave after 19:30.
hello, i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in any area. could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? i'm very hungry and need food!!
thank you, goodbye!
thank you goodbye
i'd like to find a train please.
i will be traveling on wednesday and need to arrive in ely by 9:30.
i will be departing from cambridge and i'll need 7 tickets total. can i have the reference number after you book the tickets,please?
yes, please book that. also, i am looking for a hotel named the allenbell. can you find information on it for me?
thank you. i will need a price range, whether or not they have free parking, and the area please.
no, that's all.
howdy! is the city centre north b and b still in business?
i was hoping to book the city centre north b and b for a 4 night stay starting tuesday. could you please check again?
it will be 5 people and 4 nights.
yes, same price range please.
okay thank you that is all i need.
i am coming to town and need a hotel in the north. i will be working so need free wifi as well.
what about a guesthouse that's a moderate price range?
yes, please. there will be 7 of us arriving on tuesday, and we're staying for 5 nights.
i also need a place to go in town, i'm thinking a college.
are there any colleges in the south?
if there ain't none, can you try a nightclub? get postcode, entrance fee, and address
which nightclub is it? and can you get me the information on it?
can you tell me the entrance fee?
thank you. i will look for the entrance fees at the door.
no, i can manage on my own from here.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range
i would love some modern european food.
awesome! can i make a reservation for thursday?
we'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 16:15 on thursday, please.
yes i'm also looking for places to go in town. prefer that the attraction be a type of cinema.
i'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to darrys, i'd like to get to the restaurant by 16:15.
thanks so much, that's all i needed today!
i'll be travelling to cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay. i'd love to stay in a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
i would really like something in the north with a two star rating.
how about some options for 2 star hotels instead of guesthouses.
are there any other type of hotels that match?
i really need a hotel room in the north with a 2 star rating. can you please double check?
well, maybe you can help me find an attraction called the gallery at twelve a high street.
no that is ok. thank you.
indian in the north
what is the address, phone number, and price range of one of them?
thank you goodbye.
yes could you please give me information on the attraction called tenpin?
yes. could you please give me the postcode and entrance fee?
yes can you help me find a place to stay? i need a hotel that includes free wifi and has a star of 1.
yes please see if there are any other options.
no, is there one with free parking and 4 star?
yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on thursday for 3 people.
no thank you, that is everything i needed.
can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?
i would like one with 4 stars.
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this friday, for 3 people.
i am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. can you get me more information about it please?
yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 8 people. could i get a reference number as well?
thanks, i'm also looking for places to go in the west. what can you tell me?
let's go with an entertainment attraction.
could i get the phone number for that attraction?
i also need a taxi between whale of a time and lan hong house that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant
can i please get the contact number for the taxi company?
no thank you that is all.
i need to take a train from cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?
i need to leave on tuesday after 16:00, please.
yes, that sounds good. thank you.
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.
i would take the guesthouse.
the hotel please. i need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting friday.
no. that is all i need. thanks. bye.
i'm looking for information on a placed called riverboat georgina.
what type of attraction is it? and the address?
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves african food
i guess indian food would work .
how about the moderately priced one. i will need their postcode and phone number as well.
yes, please. i need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the riverboat georgina and i would need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.
when does the riverboat georgina depart? i'd like to have time to walk around the area and explore a bit.
i also need to find a restaurant in the north serving african food.
i'm sorry, you already located an indian restaurant. you gave me the post code and phone number. what is the name of the restaurant?
great! now i just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. i want to leave the restaurant by 12:30.
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
i am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre
yes, i'd prefer mid-range please.
i'm sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range?
do either have a table available at 17:00 on friday for 5 people?
yes that will be all, thank you
i'm traveling to cambridge and i'm excited about tourist attractions. can you find me some boating attractions in the north?
could i please have the entrance fee, phone number and address?
i'm also looking for a place to stay. can you recommend a guesthouse in the east?
does the a and b offer free parking?
yes please. i need a guesthouse in the east that includes free parking.
no i dont have any other than the free parking
what is the star rating for the allenbell, and do they have internet?
what is the postcode for the allenbell?
that's everything i needed, thank you!
i am looking for a train that'll leave on friday.
i'm going to stevenage from cambridge. i need to arrive by 09:15. thanks for your help!
yes can you make me a booking for 8 people?
will you also check the hotel called lovell lodge?
great i also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
that is all, you were very helpful.
i need a train on wednesday .
i am going from cambridge to norwich.
i want to leave some time after 15:30.
yes. please book for 7 people. please confirm with reference number. we are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.
we are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.
bummer. i could try chinese. is there anything in the north?
are there any chinese restaurants in the north area?
i prefer an expensive one.
yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45
no, i think that's it. thanks for all your help today. goodbye.
hello, i'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.
no but i would like free parking and a star of 4 please.
a hotel would be good, please.
yes, please! for 3 people for 4 nights starting thursday.
great i also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the west part of town.
surprise me! i'm always up for an adventure. i will need the address and entrance fee.
yes, i need to book a taxi.
i need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at 22:15.
i'd like to find a chinese restaurant in the center of town.
yes, moderately priced, please.
no, not right now but can you provide me with an address and postcode for whichever of those restaurants you would recommend?
thank you . i also am looking for places to go in town. can you help me?
i would like to visit a nice museum. please give me the address, entrance fee and phone number.
that sounds great, thanks! that's all i need today.
hello i'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.
can you tell me the postcode?
great i am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.
the area doesn't really matter, but i would like something cheap.
can you find me a 4 star hotel?
yes i would like to stay on the east side of town.
the allenbell is fine. could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on tuesday, for 4 nights? i also need a reference number.
i will als require a taxi. i need to leave the hotel by 21:15. can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.
i don't have a particular destination for my taxi.
i need to get from the allenbell hotel to the shanghai family restaurant, please.
yes, i also need the car type. thank you
thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!
i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
how about asian oriental?
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 2 people?
i need to reserve it on monday at 14:00. there will be 2 people dining.
thank you so much. could you also get me the address for the cambridge museum of technology?
that was everything i needed, thank you!
no, you took care of it all. you were very helpful. have a great night! goodbye.
hi! can you help me find a particular restaurant?
yes, i am looking for the varsity restaurant.
yes, can i get a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15?
excellent. i'll need the reference number.
i need a place to stay out in cambridge. can you help me book one?
i need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. should also be in the east.
can you help me find a guest house?
in cambridge for sure, but still deciding the location. i need it to have free parking though,
that may work. do they have free wifi?
yes, i want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting wednesday.
yes, please make the booking for me.
yes. i'd like a restaurant in the west that serves indian food.
i don't have a preference. just close your eyes and pick one. i need to reserve a table for 7 on wednesday at 17:15.
that's all i need today thanks for all the help. bye
where is rosa's bed and breakfast hotel located in the cambridge area?
i want to know its star rating price range,
what is the price range? i am also interested in a place to go and should be in the centre
i am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the centre area.
that works great. can i have the postcode and phone number?
thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
can you give me the address to the hospital in cambridge?
i am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.
going to cambridge.
i would like to arrive by 11:45. i will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.
yes, five tickets, please. what is the reference number?
i am also looking for a guesthouse. i need free parking and free wifi there.
no. just free parking and free wifi. also i'll need the phone number please?
sounds great, thanks! that's all that i need, thanks so much! have a great day!
i want a place to dine that is in the centre please.
i would like to narrow it down by price and i want chinese.
help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.
no specific price or location. i'd like it to include free wifi, though.
okay, can i have the postcode, address, and phone number.
thank you. i would also love some help finding a moderately priced italian restaurant.
area does not matter.
the prezzo sounds good. can you tell me the address and postcode please?
i would like to get a taxi to the place as well.
i want to leave the restaurant by 01:30 to go to the hotel. please give me contact info and car type
thank you that is all. have a nice day
i'm looking for a cheap asian oriental restaurant.
is there one in the centre?
can you select one of the restaurants with the cheap price range in the center of town?
book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on friday.
i am also looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
same price range as the restaurant please
is it a 4-star guesthouse?
great, i need a room for 4 and 3 nights starting from friday.
i would like it to be in the centre of town.
that is all, thank you.
i'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.
something expensive. i prefer a guesthouse though.
how about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?
can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?
i also need a train.
i need to leave from stansted airport after 10:30
on thursday i need to book it for 3 people.
thank you. that will be all.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.
i would like a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.
do they have internet?
thanks you. may i please have their phone number?
yes, i also need information about trains departing from cambridge.
i would prefer it be the earliest train you can book.
that will be fine can you assist me in booking that?
the train should leave on friday and go to stansted airport.
i just need to arrive by 13:00
thanks for the info. that's all i need.
i need a train on monday leaving birmingham new street?
birgmingham new street from cambridge
anytime after 21:00.
yes will you book it for me ?
i need 2 tickets and a reference number please
okay, i do need the reference number also.
thank you so much, can you please also find me an italian restaurant in the centre of town that's on the cheap side?
yes, on monday for 2 people at 14:30. olease give the reference number.
thank you that will be all good bye
yes, i just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. the hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking.
um, i don't care. i'd prefer it if it was cheap though.
is that a four star place?
please do. i need it for 4 nights on friday. there are 6 of us.
yes, as long as finches is in the cheap price range please book it and give me the reference number.
no thank you. goodbye.
i'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves canapes food.
maybe take another look? i need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre.
that's okay. let's try european food instead, with the other details the same.
can you just give me the postcode of eraina?
you've been more than helpful. thanks but thats all i need. have a good night.
i am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town.
i don't care.
okay then, how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the north part of town then?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you for the information. bye now
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called royal standard
i'd like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please
what about we try booking for friday?
ok thank you that is all i needed.
am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel
no, i just need to make sure it's cheap. oh, and i need parking
yes, please. 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday.
how about only 2 nights.
no, that will be all. good bye.
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. it should have 0 stars.
not important, as long as long as it has wifi
i would like to book it for 7 people for two nights, starting wednesday.
yes, please give me the reference number.
can you also provide the address an attraction in the town centre?
will you recommend a college in the centre of town?
that sounds perfect. can you give me their address, please?
thanks, i'm all set. bye!
i want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please.
how about gastropub?
i do not care
nah, whatever you can find is cool.
what is the address of backstreet bistro? phone number and post code?
that is all. thank you, goodbye.
can you provide me with a great eatery in cambridge please
i'm sorry, i don't understand what you mean. i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the center of town.
is that expensive?
is this located in the centre area?
ok, i don't need a table right now, but i do need the address and postcode of the curry garden, please.
can you tell me about a local swimming pool in town?
the north please, can i get the phone number, address, and area?
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places, i want to leave curry garden at 12:00 and go to jesus green outdoor pool.
that's everything i needed. thank you so much for your help!
hi! i am so excited to be traveling to cambridge. would you please help me look for a place to eat while i am there?
yes i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre.
no, but can you give me the phone number and address including postcode please?
also, i am looking for a multiple sport attraction in the same area. can you help?
no. hmm. what about a concerthall?
can you get me the phone number please?
i would also like the address and postcode for the man on the moon concert hall.
yes i will need the phone number please.
no i do not need any more info thanks
i am looking for museums in west cambridge.
let me get more information about cafe jello gallery.
i also need to know about rosa's bed and breakfast.
yes please. 1 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
thank you for all your help
no, that's all i need for today. thank you so much.
hi can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>
i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west?
ok, and the phone number and address?
ok, thank you
i'm going to cambridge from london liverpool street. i need to leave on tuesday.
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for tuesday and i need to get there by 12:30.
i want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.
that's okay. can you tell me about a hotel though? it's the express by holiday inn cambridge.
i want to get a place to eat in the north.
i would like one in the moderate price range.
no. just get me the golden wok's phone number and address please and i'll take it from there
thank you. i also need a train that will leave cambridge on saturday. i want it to arrive at 12:30 to ely.
yes, please! i will need a booking for 6 people.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?
thank you very much. this is all i need for now.
hi i am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.
is that 3 star with a moderate price?
please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting thursday.
thanks. can you help me find a place to eat also? i'd like some british food, in the same price range as my hotel.
yes, please look in another part of town.
yes please for one person at 17:45 on thursday.
no, can you also help me book a taxi?
i would like to arrive by 17:45 to the 4 kings parade. pick us up at the alpha-minon guesthouse.
nope. that's all. thank you. bye now
i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves italian food.
i don't care which area.
yes please, i would like their address.
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town.
okay, can i get the address and phone number please?
thank you, that is all i needed. have a good night.
i need to get out of cambridge quick! can you find me a train for tomorrow, tuesday?
i would like to arrive to cambridge from broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:45.
yes. i actually need 3 seats
can you find me a place to stay in the centre. i don't need internet.
no thank you i will call back
well, i do need a place to stay. how about one with free wifi in the centre of town?
no, i really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi.
if there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?
i guess that will work book for 2 please
i would like to check in on tuesday please. and i want to stay for one night.
no thanks. that would be all. i appreciate your help. take care. bye.
no thanks. i forgot i should wait to book until i am sure how many people we will have. thanks though. good night!
can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after 18:45?
i will be departing on thursday from cambridge.
i'm not very good with numbers. can you tell me the travel time of that leg?
no. not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves belgian food in the centre
how about african food?
could you just give me the postcode and address?
no, that'll be all! thank you!
i want a restaurant that serves international cuisine.
i would like to know one of the address and phone number.
thank you good bye
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
can you look up greek food please?
what about mediterranean food?
my price range is $50 to $75 dollars for 2 people. i would also like something that is walking distance from my hotel.
yes, please. can you make a reservation on tuesday at 12:15? table for 8.
if tuesday at 12:15 is not available, i would be willing to come earlier.
thanks. i also need train information for wednesday with an arrival by 16:15.
it should depart from cambridge, destination is kings lynn.
i need the travel time, departure time and the price per ticket please.
thank you for the information. i appreciate it. good bye.
hi, can you recommend me a good asian restaurant? something not too expensive?
hmm, i don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. maybe something moderate but not too cheap.
yes, that sounds good. please book for 4 people on sunday at 11:45.
how about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced?
nope, that will do it, thanks!
thanks. good bye.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves indonesian food.
oh, well how about european food then? also in the centre of town please.
i don't care.
may i have the phone number and postcode?
no, that's all i need, thank you very much.
thank you goodbye.
can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? thanks.
that doesn't matter as long as i'm in the east part of town.
can you please check again? hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. thanks
can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?
i really don't have a price range in mind. i'm still not sure i want to stay in a guesthouse, hotels are so much better for me.
ok, i guess we can book that one then. there will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting sunday.
no, that'll be it. thanks for the help.
i'm trying to find the alexander bed and breakfast.
yes please. there will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving thursday. we want to stay 5 nights.
thank you! that's all i needed.
i need a italian restaurant in the centre.
is it an expensive restaurant?
i would prefer an expensive price range and need a reservation for 1 at 13:30 on monday.
what would you suggest?
so, nothing that is expensive?
okay, let's just go with a moderately priced one. i need a table on monday at 13:30 for one person.
okay why not. i need a table for 1 at 13:30 on monday. and i need the reference number too please
thanks, what places to go are available in that same area?
anything will do.
sounds interesting. what is the postcode?
i do not need more information.
i need a train to kings lynn.
friday please. from cambridge leaving after 17:00
can you give me the train id on that one please?
book it, please. i need a single ticket.
i am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves international food.
is there one in the expensive?
hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving gastropub food in the east?
no thank you. can i have to phone number and postcode for that restaurant?
thank you so much. have a nice day!
thanks again for the information!
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi.
area is not important, thanks!
that sounds great. i'll need a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
that's all i need for now. thanks!
thanks! you too!
yes, please, a train from london liverpool street to cambridge.
i want to leave after 11:15. if i do, what time do you think i will arrive?
thank you, thats all i need.
is there a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre?
what is the address of backstreet bistro?
i am also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant. any suggestions?
what sort of entertainment options are there?
yes, can you check for concerthall?
there are none in the entire city center?
will you be able to book that for me tonight?
may i have the phone number, postcode, and address ?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to leave the restaurant and i want to leave by 10:15.
thanks so much. i don't need anything further. bye!
are there any entertainment attractions in the south?
can i have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of nusha.
i can call for that. but thanks anyway. i am also looking for a cheap place to eat.
i would like a chinese restaurant, please.
is it in the same area as nusha?
could you book me a table on thirsday. 2 people at 14:00
thank you. can i please have the reference number?
i also want a taxi to commute between the 2 places
thanks so much, that is all i need.
thank you, you too.
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town.
are there any four star hotels?
could i have one in the centre of town
please do,lets make it for this coming monday,than k you.
two people, two nights, starting thursday.
actually, how about a guesthouse type place in the north with four stars?
another hotel in the same pricerange then?
no that will be all. thank you for all of your help.
hi, i am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
it should serve portuguese food in the cheap price range.
yes, i need a table for two on wednesday.
book it for 15:30 please.
i'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town.
is that a guesthouse? i like the guesthouse style, and i also need something that's moderately priced.
not yet. can i have the address there though?
can i also get the postcode? and do they have free parking?
no, that's all. thanks!
i'm looking for a train that runs on tuesday.
i will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at cambridge.
i want to leave after 14:45.
that sounds great. will you make a booking for 5 people please? and i'd like the reference number for my records.
actually i only need it for 5 people and i will need a reference number.
yes, could you help me find a north american restaurant that is expensive.
yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00. do not forget to send my reference number!
great!! thank you for all your help.
that was all, thank you!
i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.
i want to book a table for 3 people at 14:00 on saturday.
thank you so much. i would also like to find a train to take me to kings lynn by 10:15.
the train should arrive by 10:15 please on sunday please.
just one ticket. i will need the train id, cost of ticket and exact departure time as well.
great! that's all i needed. thanks a lot for the help.
i am looking for a moderate priced chinese food place.
i need one in the centre, doesn't matter which.
yes please. i will need it at 20:00 on saturday for 8 people. thank you.
hi there. i'd like to find a place to stay. it doesn't need to have any stars, but i'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.
i don't have a preference on what side of town, but it does need to include parking.
i don't really have a preference, so surprise me!
what's the star rating on it?
i need the type of place it is, the number and full adress please.
great thank you i also will need some info on a restaurant called the copper kettle
yes, i would like to book a table for 2 people at 15:30 on monday, please.
yes, i would also like a taxi to get me from the guesthouse to the restaurant.
thank you very much for the service.
thats all thank you for your help,goodbye
i am looking for a park to go visit.
no, not really, do you think you could recommend one?
yes. can i please have the phone number and address?
i am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.
are there any four star guesthouses in the south?
how about just any guesthouse in the south, then?
i guess moderate would be better.
ok. yes, can you book the hotel?
it doesn't matter. none of those matter.
i don't need to book a room. i just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.
can i also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 23:30 going to the attraction we discussed?
no that is all, you have answered all my questions
i hope you have a nice day as well.
hey there, i need a train from stevenage that leaves after 09:45. can you help?
we are going to cambridge and would like to leave on monday after 09:45. thanks for your help.
that sounds great! could you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train id as well?
maybe later. i am also looking for an expensive restaurant.
no, i'll take your recommendation. i do need postcode, address and phone number, please.
okay, that's great! thank you very much! that's all i needed.
no, that would be all. thanks. bye.
i'm looking for museums to visit in town.
where exactly is that located? and is there a fee to enter the gallery? how is the area? is there a lot located around it to do? thank you!
i also need a place to stay. i would like a hotel with 4 stars and free parking.
no, i am not.
can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting thursday?
can you try booking it for two nights?
i think i'll need a taxi from the gallery to the hotel. can you help with that?
i will need to leave the gallery by 03:00 please.
i need to leave by 3:00, arrival doesn't matter.
no, that will be all. thank you for your help!
i am looking for a particular attraction. its name is called soul tree nightclub.
i hear its a pretty cool place. can i get their postcode please?
yeah, i need a place to stay on the south side. 4 stars if possible.
can you book me a stay at the aylesbray lodge?
no i just need the postcode, phone # and if they have internet
that was everything, thanks a lot!
you have a great day as well!
i'm looking for a place to stay.
i would like a cheap 3 star hotel with free parking.
how about in the expensive price range?
do they have internet?
hi, i'm looking for a hotel, a 0 star hotel is fine as long as it includes free wifi.
i would prefer a hotel that is in the centre of town and moderately priced if that helps narrow it down.
may i please have the address and postcode for cityroomz?
are there any nearby museums?
great. could you please tell me the entrance fee?
wonderful! that is all i needed. thank you so much!
thanks again. that's all i needed.
hello, i'd like some information about a place to go in the west.
i'm looking for an attraction located in the west.
no could you recommend one please?
could i get the postcode for that museum? i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant. what area that is in, the address, and postcode?
can you look for the restaurant now?
i need the postcode, area and address.
that's all i need. thanks for the research. goodbye.
actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the north end that offers free parking
oh, wait. i think maybe a guesthouse would better suit our needs.
that sounds to be a good one. may i please have their address and description of the location?
actually, right now, i just need to have the address. also, i need to find a restaurant. expensive with northern european food.
how about an expensive korean restaurant?
six people at 17:45 on wednesday would work great. can i get a reference number please?
i also need to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the hotel.
yes, excuse me. can you please book a taxi that will arrive there by the reservation time?
great, thank you so much! that's everything i needed. have a great day!
it was my pleasure. thanks a gain.
i've really got to go. i am late for work. goodbye.
can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?
not really, but i do need free parking in expensive range
what about the one with a cheap range?
can you recommend one? i need a reservation for tuesday
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
i also would like to find a chinese restaurant in the centre.
let's go with the cheap place. it will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 14:15.
that's all, i'm gonna need. thanks.
actually, i will need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. i want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
no thank you that will be all
yes, i need a train to kings cross on tuesday.
the main city hall
yes, please. i will departing from cambridge.
i need to leave by 17:00.
i apologize. i meant to say that i need to leave sometime after 11:30.
no, there is not. any will be fine. i'll need tickets for 4 people, please?
okay, great. i'm also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the east.
how about something moderately priced?
yes for 5 nights from thursday for 4 people.
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant.
i would like the expensive price range.
i don't have a preference, just give me the phone number of the one you would recommend.
i need to catch a train to london kings cross. i need to get there by 09:15. can you find me one?
okay, i will be leaving from ely.
oh, i'm sorry, i meant i'm leaving from cambridge to london kings cross on sunday.
sunday, please. i just said that.
that will be perfect! could you book me 1 seat please?
thats all for today! thanks so much!
i'd like to find information for the restaurant called the missing sock.
no, that's it. thank you.
a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
i don't care. give me the phone number and postcode .
thank you
i'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
yes, i would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and moderately priced.
can you try another area please?
is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for cheap?
i need 3 nights for 4 people starting sunday. also looking for a train departing from broxbourne and going to cambridge. leaving after 18:00 on the same day as hotel booking.
yes. can i please get the arrival time. thank you.
thank you for your help.
no, thank you that is all the information i need today.
im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi
in the south would be better.
i don't care about the price range, i just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.
does it have free parking?
no, but i would like the address, postcode and phone number please
i am also looking for the restaurant called nandos city centre, can i have more info on that?
i don't need a reservation. but can i get their postcode please?
i need a taxi to leave the hotel by 14:30.
nando's city centre restaurant please
no that will be all thank you.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.
before i book, i'd like to make sure that it is a guesthouse with free parking. do you have anything with those amenities?
anything works. is there a 4 star guesthouse with both free parking and free wifi?
yes. i need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting saturday.
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves modern european food.
yes. can you get us a table at 14:00 on saturday?
it will be for the same amount, 6 people.
awesome. how about a taxi between the two places?
no, i need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by 14:00 for our reservation. the pickup time doesn't really matter.
no, that covers everything.thanks so much!
i need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by 13:45 on friday
i'm departing from cambridge and want to go to birmingham new street
well, first, what is the departure time, price and travel time? it sounds like it will work.
thank you. are there any expensive restaurants in the town centre?
not really. can i just have the postcode and phone number for your favorite place?
great. thanks. that is all.
i'm looking to visit a college.
it can be anywhere in town.
yes. may i have the address and the area it is in.
yes i want to find an expensive chinese restaurant.
could you book that place for 7 people on sunday at 13:00?
is there such a train that leaves to cambridge, might i include on a tuesday?
yes. i want to leave from london kings cross.
i would like to leave on tuesday after 10:30.
may i get the travel time for that train, please?
thank you, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should a hotel of 0 stars and in the cheap price range. it should include free wifi.
any part of town is fine.
not interested win a guesthouse. do you have a hotel with free parking and a 0-star rating?
we will figure something out, thanks for your help today!
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel.
no, but i am looking for a 4 star hotel.
i really am interested in a 4 star hotel and would rather not settle for a 2 star hotel.
yes, that sounds good. can you recommend one of those?
what's the postcode?
great, i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range too.
i would really enjoy some international food.
let's go with the bloomsbury. i need a reservation for tuesday for 7 people.
thanks. can you book for 15:45?
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.
i want to be in the north. preferably in a guesthouse.
i do not care about the star. i do need it to be open for 5 nights from saturday. eight people.
thanks for the recommendation. yes, that will work for me and my party. may i please get a reference number?
i'm coming to town from ely and want to book a train.
i need arrive at cambridge by 10:45.
yes, please book a seat.
i need to make a booking for 8 people.
i also need a restaurant.
a cheap one in the south part of town.
the chinese restaurant will be find. i'd like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on friday.
no, that will be all. thank you.
i'm looking for a nightclub to visit.
no, but could you tell me more about that one? is it in the centre? what's the postcode?
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves cheap chinese food.
i would like it to be in the centre.
sure, thank you! will you please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on friday?
that will be all, thank you very much for your help!
i'm looking for a train that leaves on thursday after 21:30.
i will be going to broxbourne.
i just want to leave after 21:30
yes, that would be fine. i'll need the price and travel time for that, please.
yes, i'll be leaving from cambridge. what's the train number and cost? oh, and how long is the trip?
i also would like to book a table for 3 at prezzo for 16:00 the same day i arrive or tuesday. i need the reference number also.
no thank you that will be all
how are you doing today? i need to find a hotel on the north side of town that offers internet at no extra charge
no, but it should be a guesthouse
is that my only option? i need a guesthouse in the north and internet is not important.
no, please recommend one for me and give me the address.
that sounds great. can i get the address please?
thanks. are there any restaurants in that area that serve corsica cuisine?
yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves chinese food in the area.
could i make a reservation for 6 people on tuesday at 13:15 at golden wok?
i also need to get a taxi.
i need to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant, and i want to be sure i get there by the reservation time.
thank you for your help!
please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre
that sounds great. can i get a postcode? thanks!
i'm not ready to book yet. thanks, i will give you a call back. goodbye.
i am looking for a train. the train should go to broxbourne and should leave on sunday
i'd like to leave from cambridge to arrive at broxbourne by 10:45.
could i get the price, departure time and train id?
great. i also need a moderate hotel in the south.
can you suggest something with free wifi and a 3 star rating? i'm open to less expensive price ranges.
i would like something in the moderate price range.
i think i'd prefer a hotel. i need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting friday. i need a reference number please.
there are no moderate 3 star hotels in the whole of london?
i need a moderate priced room in the south. hotel, or guesthouse.
please book me a room, i would like the reference number.
nothing else. i think that's all i needed. have a good day. bye.
i'd like to find a place to stay.
north part of town
i would like something in the moderate range.
yes, eight people starting thursday lasting for four nights.
that should do it. thank you!
can you help me find information on a hotel called allenbell?
i need a room there for 8 on saturday, and staying two nights, i'll need the reference number too please
i also need a train from stansted airport and go to cambridge.
18:15 is the departure. 19:30 is the arrival.
that will work. please book 8 tickets. i'll also need a reference number.
that is all i need. good bye.
i need some places to go. can you tell me about some concert halls in the south?
i am also interested in your local museums. are there any in the south?
sure. what is the entrance fee and phone number?
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 4 star moderately priced place
not really, but i prefer guesthouse type.
as long as they have decent internet i'm fine.
no thank you. that's everything i needed.
hello. can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?
chinese food
no, just the address please
thank you, goodbye.
i was wondering if there is a french restaurant here in cambridge?
yes, i'm looking for a museum in the center of town.
that sounds interesting. what is the entrance fee for the museum?
i'm also looking for a train to london kings cross.
i want to leave thursday and arrive by 16:00
i think so. can you give me the travel time and price for tr5266?
great, thank you, i think that's all i need.
are there any indonesian restaurants in the centre?
no. i would like an expensive restaurant, though.
i'm not a fan of mediterranean, is there a sushi spot somewhere close?
let's try expensive italian food. i need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45, can you help me?
thank you can i get the reference number for my reservation?
yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range?
okay thank you very much.
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after 12:30 on monday
i am leaving from ely.
what will be my arrival time in cambridge and what is the ticket price, please?
perfect, could you also assist me in finding a place to stay?
oh i'm not picky on the area. i definitely need free wifi, moderate price, and 0 stars though.
that's perfect i need it booked for 8 people for 5 nights starting on monday.
that is everything, thank you for your help.
i am looking for a hotel in the south.
it should have a 4 stars rating
how about a guesthouse with 4 stars?
thank you! it does not matter to me.
yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on wednesday, and we'd like to stay 5 nights.
i also want to eat at an expensive cuban place.
is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the moderate range?
italian will be fine.
could you book for my party at 15:15 on wednesday?
the reservation is for 7 people.
i will also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
thank you so much for your help much appreciated.
thank you very much
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food
how about chinese food?
i dont care
can i have the address of them, also the price range ?
thank you good bye
malaysian food in the west part of town
how about thai food in the west part of town?
what is the address, phone number, and price range?
what is the postcode please?
no, thank you good bye
hi, could you help me find a restaurant called ask.
are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on tuesday?
please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
that will work.
that's all thank you for your help today!
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i would like to stay in the north and looking for something with 4 stars
i do need parking. is there anything available?
book for 4 people and 4 nights from wednsday
i am also am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn. i need to arrive by 12:30. can you help me book a train?
i'm departing from cambridge on friday.
what is price for a ticket and i also need the travel time.
no, you have been very helpful. i have all of the information i need for now. thanks so much, bye.
i am looking for an expensive guesthouse to stay in during my trip to cambridge.
are you sure there are no expensive guesthouses in the whole town?
how about the moderate price range?
free parking would be great please.
is there a guesthouse that is close to the south ?
could i have the 4 star please
i would rather stay at a hotel if that's okay.
actually, can you give me the postcode for the alysebray lodge guest house?
yes i am looking for someplace to tour in town in the south involving architecture.
okay, i'd like to find an entertainment place in the south.
i will pick option two! thank you very much for the help and have a great day!
actually, can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number of tenpin?
no that's everything, thanks. goodnight!
i am looking for a restaurant sitar tandoori. can you give me more information?
yes. i would like to book a table for 6 at 18:00 on monday please.
can you try for 17:00 instead? and if they are available, i need the reference number.
thanks. i am also looking for a college to visit while i am in town.
how about in a different area?
i'm looking for a moderate price range hotel with 2 star rating.
i need to be sure that these are hotels. does either include free parking?
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 2 nights from friday please?
i would also like find an asian oriental restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.
yes, please. can you reserve a table for friday for 7 people at 13:15?
no, thank you that is it.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant name taj tandoori.
i would like to book a table for 8 people on sunday at 19:30.
thanks so much. i think that's all i needed. have a great day. bye.
i am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is ask. can you tell me about it?
what side of town are they in?
great, thanks. can i also get some information on hobsons house hotel?
could you provide me with their phone number and star rating please?
thank you. i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. it needs to leave the hotel by 20:00.
that is all i need. thank you so much for your help.
okay great. bye now!
looking for a train in cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday
yes, could you please find me a train for 10:pm tonight? i plan on getting one tonight,so i can arrive by mid-night.this will allow me to go right to sleep.
yes, thanks. i just need 1 ticket for myself.
can you help me find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free wifi?
i prefer a guesthouse please. oh and i also will need free parking.
yes, that sounds perfect. lets book it.
on second thought, i'm going to hold off on booking that. i appreciate all of your help and i should have all the information i need. goodbye!
i need a place to stay. it needs to have free parking.
is there any 4 star hotels in the east?
it doesn't have to be a hotel. i just need something with a 4 star rating with free parking.
i suppose that works, i need to book it for 2 nights starting from thursday, for 4 people.
actually, can you look for a guesthouse with the same specifications?
i'm looking for a restaurant serving irish food in any area.
well can i get the phone number to a european restaurant?
that's it, goodbye
please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.
thanks for asking. moderate suite my pocketbook best.
yes north will be fine with me
that sounds great. i need a reservation for 8 people please.
i'd like to book for 4 nights starting on wednesday, please.
i am also looking for a restaurant for that same day
i think everyone likes chinese food.
it should be on the moderate price range
let's do the one in the north, by the hotel.
yes for 18:00 on wednesday for 8 people please.
thank you! that is all i need.
have a great day!
i am looking for a train leaving from birmingham new street and arriving by 16:00.
i think that would be too late. i also need it on monday, not right now.
i think that would be good, can you get me 4 tickets?
i also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve european food
could you make that on the north side please.
no, i just need the postcode and address as well as a phone number.
no that is everything i need for my trip. thank you!
you're welcome. you, too.
yes, i need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. the name of the restaurant is sitar tandoori. i'd like some information on the place if you can help.
yes, could you book a table for 6 on friday at 11:45?
that's unfortunate. yes, is there something else in the same area?
if you could find one in the same price range that would be best.
thank you that is all i need.
i'm looking for a place to stay. please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
which one is cheap?
none in the north that are cheap?
try a different area.
that sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from thursday?
actually yes, i need a train to cambridge. please get me one that arrives by 08:30
departing from norwich. i need a booking for eight people.
on thursday, please.
that will be great. can you book me 8 tickets please?
i'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.
can you book it for me?
i would like to book it for 2 nights starting tuesday for 5 people
yeah, i need a train to get to cambridge by 13:45.
i need to book a train for monday.
i would like to depart from peterborough going to cambridge.
ideally it should leave after 13:45.
possibly, what is the price, arrival time, and travel time for tr9063?
ok, thanks for that information. i would also need assistance finding a hotel in the north part of town.
i would like to stay in an expensive hotel, i know that for sure. i am not too concerned about missing out on amenities such as free parking and wifi.
is it expensive, though?
the acorn guest house will do nicely. i would like to book 4 nights starting monday accommodating 4 guests. i will need the reference number.
thank you very much. i think that is everything i need then.
i'm looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant.
could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on monday?
thank you very much.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i'm looking for a 3 star hotel. it doesn't need to include internet.
i would like a hotel in a moderate price range not far from the railway station.
if there aren't any, how about a guesthouse?
a guesthouse with a 3 star rating and does not need to have internet, nothing?
i guess a hotel in the same area with any rating will do.
yes, please. i need a reservation for sunday.
please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on sunday. could you give me the reference number?
no, that will be all thank you for your help.
no, thank you. i have everything i need.
i am looking for the adc theatre.
sure, and may i have their exact address please?
i am also looking to stay in a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
i don't care about the area but i would like to make sure it is a hotel.
i want one that has a 4 star rating.
lets try cambridge belfy and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
i want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at 21:15.
thank you so much for all your help today. that's all i need. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the expensive price range.
area isn't important, can you recommend a good one?
can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday?
thank you. i also would like to visit somewhere in the centre of town.
any attraction is fine honestly, but how about a night club?
that sounds fun! how much is it to get in?
thank is all. thanks so much!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves portugese food.
could you book a reservation for me? i would like a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on wednesday. may i also have the reference number?
thanks for that, i am also looking for a train that should arrive by 14:15 and should leave on thursday.
i am traveling from cambridge to peterborough.
ok, thanks. when does that train depart?
thank you. can you please book that train for me?
i need 6 tickets.
no, i think that's all i need today. thank you for your help!
thank you.
greetings! i need a cheap hotel to stay the night in, could you help me?
i would prefer a 0 star rating in the centre of town
yes, as long as it falls in the cheap price range, please.
the reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting sunday. thank you.
how about just one night?
that's all i need right now, thanks.
can you help me find a train from cambridge?
i am travelling to london liverpool street on monday
london liverpool street and should leave after 17:00, i need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please
that sounds great. please book it for me.
thank you. i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4.
how about a cheap place instead?
are there any guesthouses?
the area is not an issue. i do want it to be an actual hotel.
yes thank you. i need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
what is the reference number?
fantastic. that is all i have to request.
i'm sure i will. thanks again.
i'm looking for a restaurant called the nirala. can you tell me where it is?
could you please book a table for 2 at 14:45 on wednesday
i need a train from cambridge as well.
i am going to london kings cross on saturday
the train needs to arrive by 16:45
yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 2 people please
what time does the 15:51 train arrive?
yes please book that train for me.
thank you, that's all for now.
i am looking to book a train ticket. it needs to arrive by 11:00 and it has to leave on saturday
i want to go to london kings cross and would depart from cambridge.
yes! can you book it for me?
actually i also need a place to stay in the east section, i need to have free parking wherever it is.
i am open to price, i would like it to have a 3-star rating and free wifi included.
well, can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like i'm looking for in the centre instead?
yes. book it for two people for five nights, starting monday.
ok, can you try 2 nights?
thank you. have a nice rest of the day.
what can you tell me about magdalene college?
thank you for your help.
i do, actually. i'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. do you know of any swiss restaurants in that area?
hmm, i was really looking forward to swiss food. ok, how about an indian restaurant in the east instead?
what are the two expensive indian restaurants?
could you please book a table at sitar tandoori for 4 people on sunday?
i would like the booking to be for 13:00 .
that's okay, maybe 12:00 will work? try that please?
yes, i also need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant by the reservation time.
thank you for all your help. i have all the information i need. goodbye
i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food. what is the phone number and address?
thanks, goodbye.
goodbye
i'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum.
i would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 3 stars.
is there ones that are on the more expensive price range?
that'll be fine. i would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
sure, can you book it for 1 night?
yes, i'll need the reference number for that booking.
no thats all, thank you very much!
i want to dine at a chinese food place in the centre area.
i do not have a price preference.
that sounds perfect. i would like to book a table for sunday.
can you let me know if a place called the gonville hotel is still around?
what area of town is it in?
ok, thanks. also, are there any indian restaurants in the centre?
whatever you recommend. give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. i want to go on saturday at 15:30.
no, that will be all. thank you!
i want to book a hotel of moderate price in the south.
i need one in the south, moderate price, free wifi.
oh. one more thing. is there free parking?
okay, could you book one for me?
can you please give it one more try.
i don't need to book, i'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a nightclub.
sounds great, i need their postal can i also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at 01:15
i also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 01:15.
okay, great. thanks for all your help today. i appreciate it. goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant called graffiti.
yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 15:30 please.
that's too bad. please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive.
that is all, thanks.
thank you, you, too.
hi, i would like some suggestions for entertainment venues to visit in the south part of town.
there is no specific type of venue. but i would like the phone number, address, and postcode.
i think i would like to try nusha.
yes, how about a place to eat? indonesian food would be perfect and in the same area as nusha please.
chinese food would work.
yes please. i need it to be for 8 people at 12:30 on friday.
thank you! that's all i needed.
i need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. any places to stay?
something that has free wifi
do they have free parking? what area is it located?
excellent. i also need a train to ely.
can you help with transit information? i need to go to ely by train on sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing cambridge.
yes, that sounds perfect. can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?
thanks, that's all i need!
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
any type of restaurant will be fine.
place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.
i prefer a gueshouse.
can i please have their address and phone number?
great can you tell me the star rating of the hotel as well?
no, but can you help me find a restaurant? i think it's called meghna.
that's it! can you give me the phone number and area, please?
ahhh.. great, thanks! that's all i needed!
i want to do things around town.
i would like to find a college to visit.
no, know of an interesting one?
yes, please. can i get their phone number and the entrance fee?
okay, thanks.
thanks so much. can you also help me find a place to stay at?
i want a hotel with free wifi. i don't care about free parking or a specific area.
no, i won't have a car, so parking isn't important.
i would prefer a 4 star hotel please.
yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on sunday.
i'm going to need a taxi from the college back to the hotel as well.
i want to leave the college by 24:00, and can i get the contact number and car type please so i don't get in the wrong car?
since you booked the taxi yourself, is there anything else i can do for you?
i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food
how about a chinese restaurant in the north?
i'm sorry i meant a chinese restaurant in the east. any price range is ok.
okay, may i have the address, phone number and post code please?
thank you, goodbye.
are there any places in the north that have free parking?
any price range is fine. but if you can see if there is one that has 4 stars?
does the acorn guest house have internet? i don't need free wifi.
yes, i would like to book. can you get me a room there for sunday? i will need a room for 8 for 5 nights.
no, that's all i need. thank you!
i'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side.
sure. do any of those have free parking?
could you give me the address and postcode of the warkworth house please?
thank you, that will be all.
i'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after 0800. can you help?
yes, please! that would be great. thank you!
i only need one ticket.
i also need a cheap place to stay with free parking.
i do not. can you make a suggestion?
it should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. do you think allenbell would work?
no, but could i get their address?
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i'm looking for a place to go in the east.
i actually haven't been to cambridge before. can you tell me a few types that might be in that area?
you pick something in the east for me. i'll need the address, postcode and entrance fee. i'm also wanting information on anatolia. thank you!
great, thank you.
okay, let's book a table at the anatolia for monday at 17:30. i'll need it booked for 3 people.
come to think of it, i think i may need a taxi to get me between the two. can it get me from cherry hinton to anatolia by 17:30?
thank you so much that is everything, i will be putting you on my christmas card list, you are awesome!
no that is all i need today.
i need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by 16:30, can you help me with this please?
i need the train to leave on monday before 16:30 for ely.
the latest i can leave to arrive by 16:30 please.
yes, but how much is the ticket going to be and how long is the travel time?
yes, and once i am in ely i need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 1 star rating, and has wifi.
any price range and area is fine. but, is it possible to look for a 3 star hotel or guesthouse instead.
if they have free parking, yes.
first, do they have free parking?
not at this time. thank you so much for the information. that's all i need today.
is there a cinema in the north?
is there a museum to the north?
no thank you but i do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the moderate price range
actually, i was looking for a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
how about a cheap one then i am not picky
i really want a hotel. are there any cheap ones in town?
that will be fine.
yes, i need a reservation.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
no, it just needs to be cheap.
sounds good. can i get it for 7 people and 4 nights from thursday please?
ok, try for 2 nights.
thank you so much for all of your help!
no that was all i needed. thanks again.
i would like to find some info on the warkworth house hotel.
i am looking to book at the warkworth hotel.
i need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting monday.
could you provide me with the address of the warkworth house?
i would like some information about the museum of classical archaeology.
just the postcode and entrance fee please.
no that will be all thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
in the east side of town.
not really, but can you give me the address for your favorite place?
could you just give me the address for now?
i would also like to get some expensive fusion food.
how about a british restaurant instead?
is graffiti in the same area as my hotel? i'd like to keep it to that area if possible.
yes, i would prefer it to be in the west area.
possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for graffiti?
i'm sorry, i was confused. i need a british restaurant in the east side. sounds like graffiti won't work for me.
i need a restaurant in the east area, so that won't work.
yes please. go ahead and book it for me. thank you and good bye
please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south.
italian food
is there anything else?
can i get the address, phone number and postcode, please?
thank you, goodbye
i need help finding a chinese restaurant in the centre of cambridge any suggestions?
i would like it in the centre.
the closest is fine, can you give me the phone number and postcode of the restaurant? i am also looking for a college to visit in the area.
what is the entrance fee for regent street city centre?
ok i would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the regent street city centre?
i will be leaving the restaurant by 1:30 and the arrival time does not matter.
great, thanks. i think that's all i needed. have a great night. goodbye.
i heard cityroomz is a good hotel. can you give me some information on this hotel?
can you book it for me
i would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on monday.
sure, i'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. can you help?
can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?
that sounds great. what is the entrance fee?
okay. can you help me book a taxi to get there?
i need to leave by astroturf pitch by 09:30.
great! thank you. that's all i need for today. i appreciate your help.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
the restaurant should serve chinese food.
yes thank you, i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this tuesday.
thank you that is all i need, bye.
i need a train to broxbourne, that arrives by 20:30.
yes, that is correct.
is that leaving on sunday?
not yet but i also need a restaurant that serve mediterranean food and should be in the centre of town.
tell me about the gardenia.
no, that's it for now. thanks for your help.
can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve fusion food? thanks.
okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is moderately priced?
can you check for british food instead?
yes, that would be great!
yes please make a booking for 3 people at 19:45 on friday.
yes, i need a train on the same day from ely to cambridge.
i need the train to arrive to arrive by 13:45. there will be 3 of us. can i get a reference number?
yes and thank you that will be all
can you book the 3 of us tickets?
that is all i needed today, thank you.
can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? i would also like to request that it be leaving on a tuesday.
i need to head to kings lynn and leave after 20:15 please.
yes can you please and send me the reference number.
actually i'll book on my own. can you give me some information about a hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge?
i would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on sunday.
thank you very much. that should be all i need.
can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? i want it to be moderately priced please.
either is fine but i would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.
how about the 4 stars one.
not right now. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves indian food. can you help me with that?
i would like it in the south.
no, how about indian food?
yes, please. i would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 21:00.
first, may i have the address for the rajmahal restaurant? then, i want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.
thank you that will be all
i want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town.
i don't care. can i also have the postcode and phone number ?
no that is all. thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
i'm open to any kind of food. i'm looking for something in the centre and on the expensive side.
that sounds lovely. there will be 2 of us at 16:45 on tuesday please.
i'd also like to find somewhere to go in town.
is there a cinema?
thank you, i just need their postal code for now and i can take it from there.
okay, thank you so much for your help.
that is all for now. thank you for your help.
would you be so kind as to help me find a place to dine later?
i'm looking for cuban food.
that's okay. how about indian?
in the centre as well please.
the range does not matter. just the indian place you think best.
yes, let's make it for 1 person at 19:45 on sunday.
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. it doesn't need internet and should be moderately priced.
i don't have a preference. what would you recommend?
is that a guesthouse?
yes, i love guesthouses when i travel alone. can you book it for three nights please, starting on sunday.
limehouse for 1 person, 3 nights and starting on sunday.
thank you for all your help. have a great day.
hi, i'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east.
okay what is the address?
yes. please. three people, wednesday, two nights.
okay, what other hotels are there in the same price range?
yes please try that.
thanks for all of your help. that is all i need for today. bye.
i would like a train that is going by cambridge.
kings lynn on thursday.
the train should arrive by 15:45 and should go to cambridge,can you book it for me ?
i don't have a preference as long as i arrive at 15:45.
i don't need a ticket right now, but can you give me the departure time and total travel time, please?
yes. i am looking for a restaurant that serves north american food. preferably in the expensive price range.
book a table for 8 people at 20:30 on thursday.
no, thank you, that's all the information i need right now.
good morning, i am planning a trip in cambridge and i'm looking for places to go in town.
we will be staying in the east part of town, somewhere near there would be fine.
a museum is fine. could i get the postcode and address please.
thanks! i'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that i'd like to book for 1 on saturday at 17:45.
i believe that's all.
i want a place to stay. is there an expensive hotel? it doesn't need to include internet.
if you have anything in the south that would be perfect.
not now but will come back laiter
that is all i need, thank you.
i would like to book a meal at a chinese restaurant.
i would like it be located in the centre area. i like expensive chinese food.
yes you can you book it for 6 people at 12:45 on friday?
yes, please. i am also looking for a train.
i am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so i arrive by 15:00.
yes, i would like to travel on saturday.
that will work. can i get the price and the travel time please?
thank you for the information! i don't need anything else.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves turkish food.
i'm not picky about the price. could you recommend one and give me the price range?
i also need a guesthouse with 4 stars.
in the same area as the restaurant, centre. in prefer a cheap price range.
can i have the number to the hotel?
can you tell me their address and let me know whether or not they have internet there?
that sounds great thank you.
no,that's all.thanks and have a good day
i am coming to cambridge and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. i just need help finding a restaurant to eat at while there.
i want turkish at a moderate price.
the efes is fine. i need a table for at 17:15. i will also need the reference number.
book for 8 people on friday at 17:15.
yes, i'd also like to check out a cool place in the centre area.
how about multiple sports?
what about a museum?
that sounds great. can you tell me a phone number i can reach them at, and also the entrance fee?
that is everything, thank you so much for your assistance.
are there any places that serve christmas food? i heard there might be something like that around here.
how about some chinese food?
no preference, just pick a nice one and provide me with the name and phone number please.
ok, so their number is 01223244149? is there any chinese attractions around the same area as the yu garden?
how about a boat attraction?
can you book my a taxi between the two? i want to leave camboats for yu garden by 8:30.
nope, that's all i needed. thanks so much!
no that is all thank you!
i'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called the missing sock. could you tell me where they are located?
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
a restaurant that serves british food will be fine.
could you tell me the phone number of graffiti?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars.
does it include free wifi?
yes, can you book it for 6 people? we will arrive on friday and stay for 2 nights.
can you check for a different hotel in the same pricerange?
it does not need to be a guesthouse. can't you find anything that is east, 4 star with free wifi. that is all i require. please, its important.
yes, one of those will be fine.
great! nothing else at the moment, but thank you and goodbye.
can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the east side of town?
sure do, know of any interesting ones on the east side?
that should do. i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the expensive price range
yes, i would like it to be in the east.
i'm sorry, could i get the postcode to cambridge artworks?
i also need to get the phone number for the restaurant.
that is all, thank you!
i'm sorry i have to go now! bye!
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food.
yes. how about a restaurant that serves european food?
that sounds good, can i have the address and postcode please.
i'm looking for a hotel called home from home.
no, i'd like a room for 8 people. we'll be checking in on thursday for 4 nights.
yes, i also need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
i'm looking for french food.
yes, please make 8 reservations for friday night at 19:00.
i also need a taxi.
i need to make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
we will be leaving from there.
i want it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
that'll be it for me today! thanks! have a good one.
i'm looking for places to go in town
can you suggest a nice place that has a swimmingpool?
no location isn't important. please recommend one, and let me know the phone number.
i also am looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating and free parking.
i really prefer a hotel to a guesthouse. how about a hotel with free parking and a four star rating
nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! we'll be arriving on tuesday and staying 5 nights. there will be 6 of us.
great, what was the hotel that you decided on for me?
hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? i need to travel to london liverpool street sometime after 18:45.
i am leaving from cambridge on saturday
yes, may i please have the price?
yes please. also i am looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price range. can you make a recommendation?
a guesthouse in the north should be perfect.
i won't be needing to book the train. regarding the guest house, does it have free parking?
no, but could you provide me with their postcode and phone number please.
fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
i need to find a certain restaurant called the slug and lettuce.
no. i just needed the area. thank you!
yes, please. i need a 3-star hotel with free wifi.
i'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking included please.
what is the price range? can i also get the address and postcode?
great! thats all the information i needed. have a great day.
thank you, and goodbye.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i am looking for a hotel on the east side.
i really don't care if it has free parking.
yes it would. i'd like to book this thursday for 2 nights, for 7 people.
yes please do that for me and give me the reference number.
i will also need a train. i'm traveling on thursday to cambridge. can you help please?
i want to depart from broxbourne after 16:00
it will be for five people please.
yes, please and i need a confirmation number.
it will actually be for 7 people please.
thank you that is all the information i need today.
yes i am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
i am looking for one with free parking and moderate in price
yes, that would be great. i would like my check-in to be on saturday. i will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 5 people.
yes, and i would also like you to include the reference number for the booking.
great! i'm also looking for a place called the fez club. what kind of attraction is that?
can i get the phone number for the fez? i'll also need a taxi.
i want to leave fez by 17:45
no, that's all i need today. thanks for your help. goodbye!
hi, i need a train out of cambridge, thanks!
i will be going to london liverpool street.
i would like the train to leave on friday after 15:30.
ok, can you book that for 8 people, please?
great, can't wait! are you able to help us find a cheap chinese restaurant somewhere near the city centre, also?
yes, all of them are. can you get a table for all 8 of us at charlie chan at 12:15 for the day we travel?
could you try 11:15, please?
nope, that'll be everything i need!
i'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
i really prefer to stay in the west part of town. do you happen to have anything in that area?
great. i need it for 7 for 5 nights.
i will be starting from tuesday.
i also need a train for tuesday that leaves london liverpool street and arrives in cambridge by 16:15.
do you have a train less early? one that arrives around 16:15?
thank you for your help.
no, that's all i needed. thanks!
no that is all, thank you!
great day and thanks for helping
i am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.
do any of those have a star of 2?
may i have the phone numbers for those hotels?
yes. i am also looking for somewhere to go that would be in the same area as the hotel.
i think i'll try the park. where is it?
yes please and a postcode.
great, i think that'll be all. thanks a lot for your help!
i need to find a train leaving after 21:30 from cambridge.
i am leaving on saturday and going to birmingham new street.
that'll work. how much does that cost and how long does it take to get into birmingham new street?
no, i will just buy my ticket at the station. thanks. can you help me find a restaurant?
is there anything in the city centre that sells afghan food?
yeah, how about modern european?
moderate would be fine, but any of them will do, as long as i can get in today, at 17:45.
sure, let's try de luca cucina. i want to reserve a table for 1 person on saturday at 17:45. i will need you to give me a reference number
that is all i needed, thank you. good bye!
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called the pizza express
ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 18:30 on saturday and i need the reference number too please
thank you! i'm also looking for a hotel called the autumn house.
yes, i need it for 5 nights starting on saturday for 6 people. please send the reference number.
no, i'll also be needing a taxi to get between the two places, i'll need it to get to the restaurant by the booked time.
groovy like greg brady! that is everything, thank you for your help.
i want a train leaving on saturday.
i am departing from bishops stortford and i would like to go to cambridge.
hmm, can you double check? i would be departing from bishops stortford and going to cambridge for saturday.
i want to leave after 19:45
can you please provide the price and travel time. i am also looking for a cheap guesthouse in the east with a 4 star rating.
thank you. so what do you have for guesthouses?
yes please make sure the guesthouse has internet and please provide me with the address and phone number.
no that's all, thanks!
i'd like some information about the el shaddai.
ok, great. can i get their phone number please so that i can contact them?
yes, please and thank you. i'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? i'll be traveling from london king's cross to cambridge.
i will be traveling on saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.
can i check on the arrival time of that train first?
thanks for the information. that's all i need.
hi, i am looking for a high-end cuban restaurant in cambridge.
how about one that serves british food?
is it expensive? i would like their address and postcode please.
yes i would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the centre of the city. what would you recommend?
could you suggest one to me? i will also need to know the address and phone number, as well as the entrance fee. thanks.
thanks so much! that is all i need help with today!
i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive
any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. could i get the phone number for your recommendation?
sounds good, could i get that phone number? also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?
yes. can you book it for me?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
that is all i need to know. thanks, good bye.
guten tag, i am staying overnight in cambridge and need a place to sleep. i need free parking and internet.
no, but i'd really like to be on the south end of the city. do any of those fit the bill?
no i don't care about the price. which one do you recommend?
yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
how about for 3 nights?
great. i am all set then. have a nice day. bye.
hi there! can you give me some info on cityroomz?
yes please. i need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
i would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on tuesday.
yeah, i need a restaurant in the west and with expensive pricing.
no, i don't have a preference, but i need the phone number and postcode.
no, right now, i just need the infor. thanks!
that is all. thanks
i am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.
i would like to book a reservation for it. can you help me with that?
we will be arriving on sunday and will stay for 5 nights.
there will be 8 guests.
that is it thank you.
can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?
it's a place called don pasquale pizzeria.
yes, i do. i'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 19:00.
great. one more thing. can you book a taxi between the two places? i'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.
thank you so much that was all i needed.
i am looking for a restaurant. i would like something cheap that has chinese food.
yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on saturday?
thank you so much for your help!
thanks, you too. goodbye.
please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport
saturday leaving cambridge anytime after 20:00 please
can you book me 6 tickets please?
i am also looking for the riverside brasserie.
yes, i would like to book it and get a reference number.
can you try for saturday at 13:00?
6 people will be dining
thanks for everything you have been great!
no that is all i needed. thank you ever so kindly.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.
no, not really. i think i'd like to try something different. could you suggest something?
yes, i would like both the phone number and the postcode please.
can i also have the address please?
i also want to see the travel times for a train going from kings lynn from cambridge on saturday. it should leave after 09:15.
i got that backwards. need a train leaving kings lynn after 9:15 and arriving in cambridge sometime on saturday.
sure. could you tell me the exact travel time?
that is it for today. good day thank you
i'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to cambridge.
i would like to go to the south area please.
that's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? i'm hoping to catch dj squalour from ibiza!
yes, i would like an expensive hotel with free parking.
is it four star?
okay well now i need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 17:45 to the attraction. i will need a contact number and car type.
i want to confirm that the booked red lexus is a taxi, as i previously requested?
no that is it. thank you!
hi, i'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. can you help?
from cambridge, which is why i asked the cambridge towninfo centre.
on saturday. is there a train that will arrive by 15:15?
no need to book it. thanks. but can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south?
the lucky star sounds good. that's all i need.
can you also tell me the postcode?
thanks for your help. good bye.
yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?
i would like to book a table at the backstreet bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on thursday.
yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?
can i please have the phone number and address for that place?
great that's all the information i needed today, thank you!
i want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food. can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?
thank you goodbye
where's a good place to eat crossover food in cambridge?
how about british restaurants in the centre instead?
i would prefer the british food.
yes please make a booking for 8 people at 12:30 on friday.
what's a good college to visit near the restaurant?
any college will be fine what do you recommend? i need the phone number for whichever you pick.
that is all i needed.
i want a restaurant in the north of cambridge that is within a moderate price range.
please book a table for 4 at the chinese place at 12:30 on sunday and give me the reference number.
i am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on monday.
i would like to arrive in broxbourne by 13:00.
can i just get the price on one of them?
please book one.
just one, thank you! please provide me with a reference number.
no, thank you. that will be all for today. thanks.
find me a train that leaves on sunday after 14:00 please
i am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and i need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00
yes. give me the ref number please.
i would like one train ticket please.
yes i am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. phone #, postcode and food type please
i would prefer italian but indian would be good as well. i will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. thanks!
thanks for helping me with this. i appreciate it! goodbye!
i need a place to stay that has free wifi.
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?
no, i have no preference. just pick one. that will be fine.
perfect. i'll need a room for myself, for five nights on tuesday.
nope, that's it. thanks!
actaully i will be on business so not out much but i do need a train, to cambridge leaving after 21:15
yes, i need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on tuesday departing from broxbourne.
i need a train after 21:15.
no thank you. i just need the train id and arrival time for one of them.
great, thanks for that information on the train. can you book for a train leaving after 21:15?
i need tickets for one person.
that is all i needed for today. thanks alot
hi, i'm traveling to cambridge soon and am looking forward to seeing some local tourist attractions.
actually, yes. we are traveling into the northern part of town.
that sounds nice but i would like to see about a guesthouse with free wifi.
no, i don't really care about price. just something in the north that includes wifi.
groovy!! let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting sunday.
yes, i am looking to visit the cherry hinton hall and grounds. can i please have more information on that?
no, taht will be all. thanks, goodbye.
can you help me book a table at a chinese restaurant that's in the centre of town?
i need some cheap chop suey, please.
that sounds like they'll have some awesome chop suey. please book me a table for 2 on tuesday at 12:45.
can we try the same day for 11:45 please? and can i have the reference number as well, thanks.
thank you. i am also looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.
i am looking for some type of entertainment in the same area as the restaurant, please.
no, just an entertainment attraction in the same area as the restaurant. can you make a suggestion?
that sounds nice can i get their phone number, entrance fee, and address please?
thank you so much for your help.
that will be all. thank you for your help!
thanks, take care buddy!
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.
let's go with italian food.
address and phone number
thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find an expensive chinese food restaurant?
i'm interested in restaurants located in the east.
yeah, could you book it for 8 people on monday? i think 16:15 is when we want to be seated.
thanks! i'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.
if that has free wifi that'll work.
could you tell me the price, address and phone number?
no, that's all for me today! thank you! bye!
i am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. i've never been to cambridge before.
it doesn't matter. what do you recommend?
oh, ok. i really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. can you recommend a hotel instead?
sounds good. can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting sunday?
what is the train schedule from birmingham new street like? i need to arrive at 13:45.
i need the travel day to be sunday. i'll be going to cambridge and arrive by 13:45. i'll be leaving from birmingham new street.
what is the travel time on that train?
excellent. thanks for all the help!
yes, thanks very much! have a great day!
you too! thanks so much for all the help. please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks
i'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?
hmm... let me think. let's try maybe something italian instead.
which of those nine has the best ratings? can i please have the address and postcode.
no, that's all. thanks.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called travellers rest
yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on monday, please.
heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food?
are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food?
yes, the one in the east please.
yes, please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday.
no thank you that will be all.
that was all thank you.
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and i was told the a and b guest house was a great place to stay. can you give me information about it?
do you have free parking? i refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that i am staying at. wouldn't you agree?
okay, sounds good. also i need to get a train from liverpool street to cambridge.
oh wait, you know what? i forgot to ask about star ratings. what's the star rating on the a and b guest house, please?
the train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.
does that train leave on friday?
i need two tickets.
no thanks, that is everything.
i need a train to go from cambridge to norwich.
i am traveling on sunday
i would like to arrive by 13:45.
i would like to book that train for 4 people please.
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. moderate in price.
yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.
can i have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?
ok, that's all i need for now. thanks.
thanks you too goodbye
i am looking for a restaurant.
not sure of that, i am looking for a restaurant named "ask."
i would like to book a table for 5 people on sunday at 14:15
yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range.
type of food doesn't matter. which is the best one? i'll book that.
that is all. thank you!
i am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town
how about an expensive hotel in the south side of town?
does it offer free wifi?
how about free parking, does it have that as well?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday.
no that is all i need. thank you for your time.
hi, what can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
yes for 2 at 19:30 on sunday please. i need the reference number then too.
i'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on monday.
yes, it should depart from cambridge.
ok, i think that should be fine. can you make a booking for me?
i need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.
thank you so much.
no that is it. thank you so much.
thank you for your assistance.
i'm looking for a hotel, can you help?
it should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.
can you book the one without wifi?
do either of them offer free wifi?
yes, please book for two nights beginning on sunday for one person.
thank you. i'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.
yes, please. can i get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?
do you have there phone number?
yes, i also need a taxi going between the two places.
i want to arrive at the castle galleries by 11:15.
ok, thank you for the help.
please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.
i am looking for thai food.
ok great. can you reserve a table there for thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?
thank you for your help.
yes a hotel please.
you know what? i don't need a hotel after all. i heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?
that is everything. thank you so much for your help.
that is all i need.
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called ask. please give me information on that restaurant.
yes, i'd like to book a table for 1 at 17:15 on wednesday. can you do that?
no. i think i am all set. thanks.
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions. i am looking for some suggestions on places to go in town.
perhaps i'd like to see a museum. are there any in the centre?
does not matter can you just recommend one please.
excellent. can i please have they're phone number and address please?
thank you. i am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town. can you assist me with that?
4 people for 5 nights starting sunday and i also need the ref # too please
hey, i'm up south can you give me a place to eat?
don't care.
can i have the address and telephone number?
that will be fine.
i will be staying in cambridge. i need a hotel with wifi.
i need something in the centre.
the north part of town
sorry, i've been all over the place. to be clear, i need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the centre.
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 6 people
ok great. can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
great, thank you. i'm also in need of an indian restaurant in the cheap price range. can you find me one?
any will do, what ever you recommend.
i certainly want to try it then. please book for 6 people at 11:30 on saturday.
thank you . i am all set.
can you assist me in finding me an expensive restaurant in cambridge where i can dine? the restaurant should be serving british foods.
i'd like it to be in centre.
can you make me a reservation for saturday please for 3 people?
we will be dining at 16:30. please book a table for 3 on saturday and provide the reference number. i also need a hotel in the same area.
something in the same area as the restaurant. it should also be in that same price range.
yes, that should be perfect thank you.
i would like a room for three people, just for saturday night.
can i have the postcode and hotel type, please?
i also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.
thank you very much! can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?
thanks so much!
no, that will be all. thank you!
thanks for all the help.
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
i'm looking for a train from cambridge to leicester on monday.
i need to leave after 21:45
yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?
yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. i do not mind if it is expensive.
does it have free parking?
yes, i need it for thursday. 2 people 4 nights.
that is all i need.
i live in the centre of town and want to see if i can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting.
that sounds like it might work. could you check availability for two people this weekend?
i am unsure at this time.
can you tell me what the address is?
does this place include free parking?
you have been very helpful. i have everything i need, thanks. bye
i am looking for information in cambridge. i need a place to dine.
crossover food would be perfect.
is there a gastropub in centre?
let's go with the moderately priced option. can i please have the phone number?
not right now, but i am looking for a place to stay. are there any 5-star accommodations in cambridge?
do you have one with free parking
is the allenbell a guesthouse?
no thank you that will be all
yes, i'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.
thank you so much.
no thank you! thanks for your help! bye!
i really need to get out of cambridge! can you find me a train to leicester? sometime after 08:45 because i like to sleep in.
i'll be leaving this place on saturday.
it does not matter.
no thank you. what's the cost of the ticket?
i also need the travel time and arrival time please.
i'm also looking for a particular hotel. its name is called cityroomz.
i'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday
not at this time. thank you.
i would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. do you have any suggestions?
do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?
did you have something that fits with 3 stars?
what about a 4 star hotel?
yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on thursday.
i would like to book for thursday, not tuesday.
is monday available?
thanks! can you also help me find a college to visit in town?
can you suggest one for me?
what is the entrance fee and postcode there?
thank you so much. good bye
i am looking for a 4 star place to stay.
i'd like it to be in the north, and to be a guesthouse.
yes, please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
no that is all. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for a place to eat. i would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.
i'm looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food.
please book the one is la mimosa
yes, it's for 8 people. 16:45 on monday. i would like the reference number, if it is available.
yes please try the shiraz restaurant.
that will be all. thank you very much.
i would like to find out information about a hotel called warkworth house.
yes please. it'll be for 4 nights.
thank you. can i get a reference number for the booking?
i need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to broxbourne on friday.
yes i will be leaving from cambridge.
i would like to leave after 10:30.
yes that will work. i need to book it for 2 people.
can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?
i actually don't need a place to eat. thank you, that is all.
that is helpful.thanks
no, i'm sorry. that's all for now. thank you for all your help.
i need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you
i'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.
yes please book the archway house.
i will be arriving on tuesday and i need to book the room for four nights for three people.
yes, i would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. that would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!
i'd like an italian restaurant, please.
yes, just give me the address please.
yes. i would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15 and i would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.
thank you very much! that's all i need today!
hi, i need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.
british or european would be fine. may i book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a wednesday and get a reference number please?
yes. the booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 16:00. could i also get a reference number?
i'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. do you have any recommendations?
an art museum near the restaurant sounds nice. how much is the admission price?
i will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.
thank you, that is all i need.
we will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.
i want some scottish food.
yeah, can you check the south please?
what a bummer. find me a restaurant that serves british food on the west please.
the expensive range please. i will need their phone number and address. also, i am looking for a train departing from cambridge on saturday.
i need to get to london liverpool street by 13:00.
no need to book. but, can i please get the price of the ticket?
thanks so much. that will be all the information i need today. bye.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. it is called the alpha-milton guest house.
i'd like to start my stay on wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.
thanks so much. i also need a train to arrive in peterborough by 16:45.
i just want to verify that train leaves from cambridge correct? if so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.
no thank you. goodbye.
i am traveling to cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. could you help me find a place to go, like a college?
can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?
i'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. i don't want to stay in a guesthouse. it needs to be a hotel.
yes. that would be great.
i want to stay for 5 nights starting on tuesday.
can you see if they have just 1 night available?
i need a taxi please between the 2 places. i want to leave the attraction by 2:30.
awesome, thanks! i think that takes care of everything i needed.
i'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
i would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.
yes, that would be fine. what are the names of the two guesthouses?
what star ratings are they?
okay may i please have the phone number for alexander bed and breakfast?
thank you! i'm also looking for a train for saturday.
i need to leave cambridge on saturday, please.
i am going to ely and it should leave by 18:00
please pick one that meets my requirements.
no, make sure you get travel time, price, and train id
no thank you.
no thank you that will be all
let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre
how about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 11:45, and i'll need that reference number too.
great can you also help me get a train? i'm looking to go to ely and arrive by 21:30
i will be leaving on monday
yes, but i need to book four more people as well.
thank you very much.
no, that's all. good bye
i would like to eat in the center of town at a expensive place.
how about african? i'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on tuesday.
nope that's all i needed! thanks!
can you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?
that doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.
it doesn't matter. like i told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.
okay i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
yes, of course.
i also need a train on friday, departing after 9:00.
i am departing from cambridge
i will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time
that is all. thanks for your time.
i don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?
ah, i just wanted to know it was still open. could you book me a room?
3 nights starting from friday.
no, i would like it for 4 people.
i also need to find an indian restaurant in the east please.
in the mid-range would be fine.
4 of us friday at 14:45 i need the reference number too.
yes, i'd also like to book a taxi. i'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
i will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.
i would like to get to the restaurant by 14:45 please.
great, thanks so much, that's all i need! have a great day!
i need a place to eat that is expensive.
in the centre, please.
i want something with malaysian food.
i actually just need an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.
yes please. can you book that for 8 people on saturday at 15:30?
okay, thank you.
if saturday fails, try monday and provide the reference number. also looking for a guesthouse in the same area with internet. provide starts and address please.
can you book me two taxi cabs that offer groupon discounts to take us to the restaurant?
i'm looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of guesthouse.
a hotel would be fine.
what expensive hotel do you recommend?
i just need their address, star level and whether they have internet please.
not yet, that's all for now. thank you for all your help.
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay in town. i'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.
is it a hotel or guesthouse?
that's fine. can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from thursday?
no thank you. i appreciate all your help.
i need a train on tuesday that arrives by 16:45.
i want to depart from london and arrive in cambridge.
london liverpool street.
for two people please. i will need the reference number. i also want to stay at the lensfield hotel.
do you know the lensfield hotel? i need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?
no thank you. that's all i need for now.
hi, i am planning a trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.
i'm looking for milton country park.
can i get the attraction type, entrance fee, and postcode please?
i'm also looking for a great italian restaurant on the east side of town that you would recommend.
what are their prices like?
what is the address and phone number to pizza hut fen ditton?
great! thank you! that's all i needed.
i'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. please list all times for that route.
i need to leave wednesday and arrive after 11:15.
i would like to leave after 11:15.
no, i want that day and time please
well, i need to know the arrival time first.
yeah, that works. can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
i'd like it to be in the centre please.
it doesn't really matter. moderately priced located in the centre. i need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not
does it have free parking?
great, thank you. that is all that i need.
hi! i'm looking for a train to norwich on saturday.
from cambridge and i want to arrive by 20:30.
yes please, book it for 7 people.
i am also looking for a place to stay. can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?
if there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.
yes alexander bed and breakfast that has a star of 4 would be great.
there will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on thursday.
would 1 night work instead? if it does could i get the reference number please?
that will be all. thank you.
can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?
yes, i'd like to stay in the centre of town please.
i'll take the el shaddai please.
yes. i want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on friday.
no that's all. good bye!
hi, i want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
address and postcode please
no, thank you, goodbye.
i would like inexpensive turkish food.
ok, how about an italian restaurant?
i do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. please make a suggestion.
can i get the address and phone number?
no, thank you. good bye.
hi! would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
it needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from friday.
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination bishops stortford
i need to travel on monday, departing cambridge. does that make a difference?
yes, i need 8 tickets. and could you provide the reference number?
no thanks, that will be everything.
thank you for your time goodbye!
i would like a restaurant that serves world food
how about portuguese food?
what is the phone number and address?
thank you goodbye.
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?
yes. that's exactly what i'm looking for.
yes, please. can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a tuesday? thanks
wonderful. i'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area.
i actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant
let's try for a boat type instead then
thanks, i don't need anything else today! bye!
i need a south restaurant with british food.
is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town?
no, any price range is fine. i would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.
no, thank you.
are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?
i like the sound of restaurant two two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number?
no, that's everything i needed today. thank you.
i want to know where i can go in the town centre of cambridge.
an attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.
yes tell me one of those recommendations.
can you provide me the full address including postal code? thanks.
yes, i would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.
i would prefer british food and an expensive price range if possible.
can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?
no thanks, but i am interested in getting a tax from old schools to the cambridge chop house. can you help?
i would like to leave old schools by 19:00.
thank you that will be all i need.
could you help me find a 0 star hotel?
is the cityroomz a guesthouse? that's what i'm looking for.
you know what, the hotel will actually work for me. can you tell me where cityroomz is located?
yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? i need it on sunday.
how about two night?
thank you, good bye.
good morning, i need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.
how about one with british food?
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on tuesday?
no i do not need to stay within a price.
yes, please.
i just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range.
great, thanks for that. see you!
i'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house please.
may i please have the phone number for the hotel?
i'm also looking for some places to go while i'm in town.
i would like it to be a museum please.
how about in the south?
how much is it to get in that place? and what's their postcode?
no that was all i needed. thanks so much.
can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?
yes, do any serve international food?
can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday?
no, i need 17:15 on monday. perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices? any cuisine is fine.
thank you and goodbye
can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?
area doesn't really matter, but i would like a 3-star place with internet.
could you give me the address, please?
nah, not right now. i do need info on a train though. what's the schedule like on sunday trains leaving cambridge?
how about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to london liverpool street?
yes, that sounds perfect. can you make me a booking for 1 person please?
excellent, thank you!
thank you for your help.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
great, what is the postcode and phone number?
i also need a train from cambridge to stansted airport. can you please look that up for me.
i just need to leave on wednesday and should arrive by 18:15.
what is the departure time?
ok, thank you. that is all the information i need today.
what are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?
i don't have a style preference.
that sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on tuesday at 15:15?
i would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. do you think you could find one for me?
i have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.
that's perfect. i would like to book it for 1 person. it needs to be for 4 nights beginning saturday.
yes, please try booking for 2 nights.
are there any attractions to see in town? i'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.
which is your favorite museum? if you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, i'll give them a call.
ok, that sounds great.
yes, i'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.
i'd like to leave the acorn by 5:00 if possible.
okay great! that is all i need. thank you.
i am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.
oh, i would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please.
i don't care about the area. as long as i can have it booked for 3 people starting on tuesday for 5 nights.
yes, please book arbury lodge for me.
thank you! that's all for today. goodbye!
hi, can you help me find a train from norwich to cambridge?
i would like to arrive wednesday at 16:45.
no need to book it today. i would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though.
i also need a hotel with free parking.
i'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.
yes please, i need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on wednesday.
how about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people. please book and provide a reference number. thank you.
that's all i needed today, thank you
is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food?
any price range will do.
are there any restaurants in the centre that serves north american type of food?
can i get the phone number?
thank you. good bye.
i need a cheap place to eat on the south side of town.
nados serves portuguese sounds good can i get a address, food type, and phone number?
excellent. i also need to find a place to stay while in town. can you help me find a cheap hotel?
yes, i'll be staying on the south side so a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi will do
can i just get the address please?
no, that's all i need.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves scandinavian food
are there any cheap restaurants that serve italian food?
it really doesn't matter, but i suppose the north. can i get the address and phone number please?
thank you for your help.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
i would like something in the east with 2 stars.
does it have free parking? can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel?
thanks. what's the address?
that's not necessary, thanks.
that was all. thank you
can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?
does it have free wifi? i need wifi.
yes. i want to book it for 1 person. i want to stay for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
yes please. another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi.
do you have any hotels in the same price range as the gonville hotel?
yes please book a room there.
thank you for all of your help.
i would like to book a train.
i am sorry i mean i want a nightclub to go in the wast side of town.
how about one that is in the type of museum.and make make sure you get address
i also need a moderate priced room.
i'd like it to be a guest house in the north.
i'm not sure yet. i'm really researching right now. can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range?
no but i do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the guesthouse of your choice, thanks!
yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the north and let me know their address and whether they offer free internet and parking.
yes, please, i would appreciate that.
i actually don't need a room. i just need the address please.
thank you, that is everything, sorry for being so annoying in the process.
i'm looking for some place to go in the town centre. something sports related.
ok, are there any colleges in the center of town?
yes, christ's college. what is the entrance fee for that college?
i also need a restaurant in the same area.
i'd like something moderately priced.
yes, i'd like the post code. also, if you can't get it for christ's college, do you know the entrance fee for downing college, by any chance?
thanks! i think you covered everything i need. have a good one. bye.
i need a train on tuesday that goes to london kings cross.
i want to leave by 19:30.
well i need it to leave after 19:30 and i would like to make a booking for 5 people on tuesday and i will need a reference number.
i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.
can you tell me if they have free internet?
ok. thanks. all set.
no, that would be all for today. thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
i would like to find a moderately priced place and i need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a thursday.
yes, could you make it for 11:15, and can you give me the reference number?
i am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere i could go in the centre of town?
that's fine. i'd like to know about museums in the area instead.
fitzwilliam museum sounds great. what is the postcode?
great. now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? from the varsity restaurant to fitzwilliam museum?
actually it's from fitzwilliam museum to the varsity restaurant i want to arrive by the 11:15 booking please.
it doesn't matter, at long as i arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.
no thank you, that will do for now! thanks for helping me today!
thank you for all your help.
i need a three star hotel with internet. can you help?
i'm sorry. i meant to ask for information on a restaurant. it's called the stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
yes, sounds wonderful. can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on saturday?
great. i also need to find an attraction in the center and would like to know what type, address and entrance fee you find.
anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the centre.
sounds good! could i have the address and entrance fee, please?
thanks! do you have a phone number so i can find the entrance fee.
thank you! and this is a cinema attraction?
i don't need anything else.
i'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b
does the hotel have free parking?
hmm. okay. could you help me find a train? i need to leave on sunday.
i want to leave on sunday and arrive by 14:00.
i am traveling to cambridge from broxbourne.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
thanks very much for your help today.
i'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?
thank you for informing about the total duration.
i am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip
i am looking for a particular restaurant called zizzi cambridge. can you tell me what area it is in?
excellent. thank you. also, can you assist me with finding a train for monday?
we will be traveling from cambridge and going to ely, but it needs to leave after 21:00.
i need to leave after 21:00.
i didnt really need a booking, but oh well. can i get the price of the ticket though?
thanks for the info, that's all i need today.
you're welcome for contacting you. have a nice day too. bye bye.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
is there anything else?
may i have their address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house.
yes, please. i would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. we'll arrive on saturday.
thank you so much!!
thank you. that is all for now.
i need a train going to leicester that leaves after 11:45
i will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. i need to leave after 11:45 also.
that is fine. can i have the train id once it's booked?
i need 1 ticket for departure on thursday.
yes i want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on thursday at an expensive african restaurant. can you help me with this?
sure. if there are no other african eateries to choose from, try the 14:00 at the bedouin.
could you get a reservation at a difference expensive african restaurant?
no thank you. i have everything i need.
i am looking for a place to stay.
i would like free parking and wifi for sure. preferably on the west side with 4 stars, too.
that sounds wonderful. could you reserve our rooms? we'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on sunday. i think we'll be staying 4 nights.
thank you, yes, i'd like to also find a nice park to visit while i'm in town. can you see if there is one near my hotel?
no, but can you try to find a museum in the west please?
may i please get their address and phone number?
no, you've been so helpful. thank you so much! have a great night.
i need a train to cambridge please. i plan to leave out on tuesday
i am leaving peterborough.
i need to leave after 14:15
um, the one at 14:48 please. could you book it for 6 people?
yes. i'm looking for a restaurant called gourmet burger kitchen. can you tell me the price range and area that's in?
no, that's it. thanks for your help. goodbye.
i want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. it serves chinese food. what is the address, phone number, and postcode?
thank you goodbye.
is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?
i would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.
no thank you though. i would like information on greek restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?
well, how about african food?
that sounds good, can you book 2 people at 13:30 on tuesday.
yes, i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i'll need to be at the restaurant by 13:30, of course.
i need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant. can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?
you're right. i forgot to select an architectural sight that i wanted to visit. could you suggest one in the city centre.
that sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?
thanks that's all i need
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay. can you help?
i don't care which area the hotel is in.
any so long as it is a 2star and has wifi
yes, please try expensive.
try either a hotel or guesthouse.
yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from friday.
thank you. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food and that is expensive.
italian would be fine.
no any area will work. whatever you recommend. i need a reservation for friday, 3 people at 13:45. please include the reference number.
no, that's it! thank you for all your help!
can i get the next train?
no, but i am looking for a nightclub to go to. what ones are there?
club salsa sounds good. can i get their phone number, address and postcode please?
thanks. i would like some information on rosa's bed and breakfast, please.
does such a place exist? if so, i would like some information on it, like the postcode.
that is everything, thank you very much.
i'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?
i'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. are there any like that?
are any of them guesthouses? i would prefer a guesthouse.
yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?
i would settle for a moderate price ranged one.
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. for 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.
it doesn't matter. whichever one you think is best.
okay great! can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on thursday?
no that was all i needed thanks so much for your help.
can you book a hotel for me? i would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown cambridge for tonight for 2 people.
yes that would be fine. are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? and may i have the address please?
sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones?
thank you, i actually need a guesthouse with free parking.
i need free parking in the moderate pricerange.
no that is ok! i decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. so can i book that guest house?
does that guesthouse come with free wifi?
yup. 5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for monday. thanks.
okay. let's try for four nights and may i get the reference number.
great! that should be all i need. thanks for your help. goodbye.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.
the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.
i'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.
are there any restaurants that serve french food? if so, i will need the phone number to the restaurant.
yes please. i did state that i wanted the phone number.
can you give me some information on a hotel called holiday inn cambridge, please?
yes, please! i'll be traveling solo, and i need 3 nights starting monday.
can i get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?
well, i need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 09:15. i need the contact number and car type please.
no, thank you. that is all. goodbye
i want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant
yeah, i need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please
the center of town would be best.
thank you so much. i don't think i need anything further.
i need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?
i will be staying 5 nights starting from saturday.
yes, can you book it for 6 people?
thank you. i also need a train to kings lynn that leaves on sunday.
hi, i am planning a trip and need some suggestions. i am looking for places to go in town.
the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.
what is the postcode for the vue cineme?
yes, i'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. i do need free wifi.
sure, i'll be coming in on sunday with one other person. we'll be staying for 3 nights.
can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?
i would like to leave by 23:30.
you don't need an arrival time. i told you my departure time is 23:30. that should be enough. please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it
i am also looking for an attraction.
i would like to find a cinema.
thank you that is all for now.
hi, i am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when i get there. can you help me?
i'm interested in exploring the local architecture.
do you have a favorite?
i need a place that is architecture.
could i have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. do you have anything like that?
i would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?
let's go with ashley hotel. for 8 people and 2 nights starting from saturday. i need the reference number.
i also need to book a taxi from old schools to leave by 21:30
pick me up from the hotel.
thank you for all your help! that will be all!
i need a place to eat in the centre of town.
can you please search for indian food.
i want something expensive.
that would be fine. i would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 18:15.
yes. i also need a 4 star hotel.
parking doesn't matter, but i want it to be in the same area as the restaurant.
i'll like a hotel with free internet
either will do - which place do you think is better?
does it have free parking? also i need to know if they have free internet. the address and the type of hotel it is, got it?
yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.
i actually don't need a booking at this time. i have everything i need. thank you, goodbye!
i need to find a place to eat in the centre of cambridge.
i'd like something that serves modern european.
great can you book one for 2 people at 16:00 on monday please?
i am also looking for a train for monday departing birmingham new street.
i'm looking to arrive in cambridge by 10:15.
possibly. can you give me the departure time, travel time and a price?
sounds good. is there a ticket available on that train?
okay. thank you for all your help.
i won't be needing anything else, thank you.
i need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.
thursday. i need to arrive by 12:45.
yes, that works. can i get the train id number and the price please?
i need to find me a room as well.
looking for something in the north, cheap price range please. don't care much about internet.
sure, saturday for 5 nights and 7 people.
does the worth house have a star rating of 4?
can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 7 people.
thank you that will be all i need.
i want something that's moderately priced. any type of food.
i would like the north part of town, please.
yes i would like their address and phone number
no, thank you goodbye
i am looking for a cheap restaurant.
do any serve spanish food?
no, i would like the address and the post code please.
thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking to get some info about a hotel called home from home
yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on thursday.
i am also looking for an indian restaurant that is located in the centre?
curry garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday?
could i get the reference number please?
no that is all i do believe thanks for all of your help
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.
i already told you.
i would like to leave on tuesday, and depart from cambridge.
yeah. i need to book for 7 people.
thanks for the booking. i also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.
we will be staying for five days.
one moment. i am looking for 2 stars. does arbury lodge guesthouse have two stars?
yes, please book it and provide a reference number.
is it available starting thursday?
four star please same group of people starting thursday i need a ref number too please.
no that will be all today. thanks!
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but i need a table for 7 people for tuesday at 13:15.
could we try for tuesday at 12:15 please.
yes, i'm looking for a particular attraction called whale of a time. do you have any information on it?
could i have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?
yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? i'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.
no, that should do it, thanks!
i'd like to find out more about taking a tour of trinity college.
actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is? my friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.
yes, i'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.
i would chinese please.
yeah, i'd like a moderately priced restaurant. and type of food doesn't actually matter. just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.
that would be great. can i have the phone number please?
great! thanks. i also need a taxi to take me between the two. i want to leave the restaurant by 08:30
i would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.
perfect, thank you for all your help.
no, thank you. i've got everything i need right now.
hi, i need a hotel on the west side, please.
i don't care about price range, but i do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.
can you tell me their post codes?
no. thank you. goodbye.
i also need information on the maharajah tandoor restaurant please.
yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on wednesday.
would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the huntingdon marriott to the maharajah tandoor?
i need to arrive in time for my reservation.
no that is all thank you for your help!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
is there any turkish cuisine? if so i need the postcode and the address.
i am also looking for museums in the area.
i don't really care, what do you recommend? i will need the postcode and entrance fee please.
thank you. i would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.
i need to arrive at cambridge contemporary art by 19:15 please.
no, that will be all, thank you!
hey, i need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
thanks! i really don't care about the area. i need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking.
i don't mind about the price but i want something with 4 stars .
that sounds nice. can you get it for four nights starting thursday?
four people. thanks.
thanks so much. that is all i need. bye.
i am planning your trip in cambridge. looking for a train
i am from broxbourne and coming into cambridge. what trains would you have available on monday?
i need to leave after 21:15. can you book this for four people? i need a reference number.
thanks, i also need a guest house.
i want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet
no, i don't have a preference for star rating. either would be fine.
as long as it has free wifi. i need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.
that will be all for me today. thank you, bye!
please find me an expensive place to dine on the south side of town
how about chinese.
yes, that sounds good! book a table for 3 at 13:45 please.
i'd like to make it for wednesday. can you include the reference number?
i need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.
how about 1 nights.
the area does not matter. just the criteria i stated. it will be starting wednesday.
if you can book it for my group, i need it for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
i'm trying to find a train that departs from london kings cross on thursday. can you help me book a ticket?
any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.
yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?
yes, have you heard of a restaurant called curry king?
can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?
thank you for reserving that for me. that's all i need today.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
either one. i just need it to be open on sunday.
i would like that. a table for 8 at 12:00.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. it should have free parking.
yes, that would be great. i'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.
i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.
i am looking for a certain hotel. could you see if you might have any info on it?
yes, i'm looking for hobson's house.
could i get the postcode please?
no, that's it. thanks!
i am looking for a place to stay
i'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.
no, i don't care about the location. i do want a 4 star place though.
yes. where is a good expensive restaurant in the west area of town?
can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?
what's the address, postcode and phone number of the thai restaurant?
yes can you please book that for me?
let's book it for wednesday please.
i think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. let's start afresh. please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi
thank you! good bye.
i'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.
yes, that would be fine. i don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for cotto? thanks
can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?
no, what do you recommend?
what is the entrance fee and phone number?
i also want a taxi two go between those two places.
i want to leave the college by 07:00 so please go ahead and book that taxi for me
that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.
ok. what is their phone number?
i also need a hotel to stay in.
i need a hotel in the cheap price range.
does it have free parking?
okay. please book a stay starting on tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.
thanks for all of your help!
can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?
oh, yes! italian, please.
no, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please.
could i get the reference number please?
no thank you! goodbye.
i would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.
no, the restaurant should serve modern european food.
let's try the brasserie.
just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday
thanks. that's all i need!
hello, can i please have some information on the types of museums that are available in cambridge and their location?
not really anywhere specific, and i don't care about the price range.
what is the postcode and phone number there?
i also need a place to eat, i want european food and it needs to be expensive.
it doesn't matter. you choose. can i get the area, phone number and address please?
no thank you, that's all the information i need right now.
hi! can you give me some information on the royal spice restaurant?
i would like to book for two on wednesday, at 17:15.
great, thanks! that's all i needed!
hi, i am planning my cambridge trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.
no, i need help with a particular attraction. can you help?
i'm looking for tenpin i want the address and entrance fee.
yes, i also wanted to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.
what about a 4 star guest with free parking. if there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the cheap range.
i don't have a preference. please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on friday.
no that will be it for today, thank you.
hi, i could use help with my planning. i am trying to find a place to stay.
i would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.
does either offer free parking?
okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday?
the hotel, please.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves portuguese food.
what is their address?
thank you so much!
i am looking for some places to go in town. i'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.
what do you recommend? i will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.
could i have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to include internet.
i'm sorry,was christ's college in the centre? i did need something in that area.
is there one in the centre with free parking
okay. i'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.
please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting thursday.
great i also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to leave by 10:45
great, thanks! that's everything i needed.
i am looking for an expensive gastropub restaurant in cambridge
yes i need the one in the east.
yes. we need a table for 2 at 14:45 on saturday.
how about at 13:45?
thank you so much. can you help me find a place to stay? i would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.
i would like it to have free parking, please.
i would like to book a room, please.
actually, i think i'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?
thank you. do you know what type of hotel lensfield is?
does this hotel offer free wifi?
i need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and i need car type and number
actually, i know i said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out i need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 13:45 on saturday
great, thanks so much. sorry for the confusion.
that is everything, thanks for your help.
i'm looking for an attraction in the category of swimming pool.
i'm pretty open. can you list the areas? i'll choose one of the four.
please tell me about the locations of some pools in the south.
one in the east is fine. i need the address please?
yes, i'm also looking for a guesthouse in a moderate price range.
the area doesn't matter, but it should have 4 stars please.
could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from saturday?
i will need the reference number.
that is all i need. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the expensive price range.
it doesn't need a free parking. can you book a room for me?
i do not need to book.
i just need to know the how many stars it has, the phone number there, and if they have wifi.
i am also trying to find a venetian restaurant. are there any in town?
please book it for me.
can you make a reservation for monday at 19:30 for 8 people?
um i think you're getting ahead of yourself? i'm still waiting on that reference number for the booking you said you'd complete....
oh...alright...well i guess not then. you weren't very helpful but whatever bye
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
it doesn't matter
no, i need a guesthouse with free wifi.
no, i just need to know if they have free parking.
ok, i would prefer something else with parking.
thanks, does it have free wifi as well?
thanks, that's all i need. good bye.
i am looking for warkworth house hotel. any information on it?
ok, and what area of town is that in?
thank you. are there any attractions i could visit in the town centre?
no not really. can you recommend me an attraction that's in the centre area? can i also get the address, entrance fee, and phone number for it? thanks!
whatever is the most popular attraction
great, thank you for the info. have a nice day!
i'm all set. thanks for your assistance.
hi, i need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.
i prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated.
yes i am looking for free parking.
no thanks, i am not quite ready to make a reservation yet. thanks for the information.
no, that's all i need. i'm going to give the hotel a call. thank you for your help!
i am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on tuesday.
i am going from cambridge to leicester.
maybe... how much does it cost?
i'm sorry, we have that mixed up. i need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?
can you verify the cost for train tr6954 for me?
yes i would like help with booking the train and i will also need to book a hotel.
can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?
yes, 4 stars would be fine.
yes please. there are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row. thank you.
i'd like to start my stay on tuesday, please.
nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!
hi. can you help me find a train?
i want to leave on sunday, please.
i'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on sunday. could i also get the train id as well?
kings lynn and i also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range
arriving by 19:30 on sunday. i need the train's id please. leaving cambridge going to kings lynn
i'd like something a little later in the day, please.
that sound just fine
please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.
i do not need train reservations. i need help finding a restaurant.
south area, and food type doesn't matter. i need it for 3 people at 15:45 on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.
thank you for your help. that is all i need.
i am looking for a hotel in cambridge.
just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.
do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting wednesday.
can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?
could you try it for one night only?
yes please, and i'll need the reference number.
i am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the west.
yes, how about a restaurant that serves indian food?
cocum sound fine, but i just need the postcode, please. no reservation.
thank you! that's all i need. goodbye!
i need a train for this friday that leaves anytime after 2:15 that afternoon.
i would like to go to stevenage please and depart from cambridge.
i don't care about when it arrives.
not right now, but i was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.
i don't care about the food type.
that sounds great. what is their price range?
let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on friday, and i will need that reference number, please.
can you give me some information on the avalon hotel?
not at the moment, can i have their phone number?
no, that covers it. thanks!
looking for a restaurant on the south part of town?
i do not have a preference.
i would like something in the cheap price range, please.
can i have the address and phone number please?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a french restaurant.
north part of town
yes, what is the address of restaurant two two?
thank you, good bye.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
what are the different food types of these restaurants?
not actually. i won't be needing anything else at this time. thank you. good bye.
that's all i need from you today. thanks.
thank you for your help
hi! i'm looking for an attraction named kambar.
thanks i want to get its entry fee and address
is there a entrance fee?
i am also interested in a place to stay, that includes free parking.
i would like an expensive 3-star hotel.
what do you recommend?
just to confirm, does the lensfield have free parking? if so i'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.
yes, can you please book a room with the details i already provided.
thank you so much. i appreciate your help with this.
that is all, thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant
yes, could i get the location and the phone number please.
i prefer the nandos in the city center. also, i need information about museums or art galleries in the west.
yes, i am looking to kill some time in town. are there any museums on the west side?
thank you. what is the post code for cafe jello gallery?
great i also need to get a taxi between the two places.
i would like to leave the restaurant by 04:00.
can i get a contact number at least?
thank you, that should be all for today.
i'm looking for some cheap chinese food. got any restaurants that fit the bill?
i would like the centre.
yes, i'd like to make a reservation at the rice house for one person at 11:00 on sunday please.
i am looking for any multiple sport attractions near the restaurant to visit.
are there any museums in that area?
please provide the entrance fees.
i would like you to pick a nice on and give me more info on it please.
yes that one sounds nice. can you tell me when they open and close also?
no that's everything for me today! thank you!
i'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.
are you sure? i thought there was one located in the centre of town.
asian oriental food sounds good. what options do you have available?
i'm not really worried about price. which do you suggest that is located in the centre?
i think i would like to be in the moderate price range please.
actually, can you give me the phone number for yippee noodle bar instead?
i am also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on friday.
i want to go to norwich from cambridge.
can you suggest one? i would like to arrive in norwich about 4:15 pm.
yes, one ticket please.
when does the tr8314 leave?
great! thanks for all your help.
no, that is all. thanks, goodbye.
i'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some
how about indian, instead?
i want one on the west side of town. if there's not one there then the centre of town will be fine.
that sounds great! could you book a table there for 12:00 on saturday? just me.
i am also looking for a place to stay.
the area doesn't matter.
i would prefer a guesthouse and free wifi and parking.
i don't care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
thank you, that is all that i need.
yes, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when i am there. can you help me find a place to dine?
i enjoy chinese food.
i would like that to be in a expensive price range and should be in the centre.
yes. wednesday. 6 people at 15:30.
i'm also looking for a particular attraction. it's called scudamores punting co. could you give me their information?
yes. can i also have their phone number.
that will be all, thank you.
i'm looking for an inexpensive african restaurant.
no thank you. is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve asian oriental food?
that sounds great. would you book either of those for me for wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people?
nope that sounds great, thank you
i need a train leaving cambridge on sunday.
stansted airport please.
leave after 14:45. i need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.
i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.
i am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. i am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on sunday.
thanks so much for your help, i think that will be all i need today.
i am looking for the limehouse hotel.
i'd like to make a reservation for thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please.
yes, in the same price range please.
are you sure there's nothing available? i really need something in the same price range as limehouse.
yes please check it for me.
oh good. thank you for your help!
no. that's all. thanks again!
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called restaurant two two.
can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?
no thank you! that is all!
hi, i'm going to be visiting soon, and i am interested in trying a restaruant called curry prince. could you give me more information about it?
no but i would like to make a booking for 5 people at 18:30 on sunday.
i am also looking for a train. it should should depart from london kings cross and should be on the same day.
the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 15:00,can you book it for me ?
no i just need to make sure i get there by 15:00. i will need the train id and departure time please.
i just need the train's departure time and id.
okay perfect do you think you could book that for me please?
i need somewhere to go.
i am looking for a nice museum
you may suggest one to me.
are there any free attractions in the area?
that sounds great. can i get the phone number for it?
thanks. i also need a hotel in the south.
how many stars does it have?
i need something with 4 stars.
yes, that will be fine. i will need a reservation starting on wednesday.
i almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi. does that hotel meet that criteria?
yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on wednesday and i will need the reference number after booking is complete.
i need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?
it doesn't matter. i need free parking and prefer a place with 4 stars.
yes, this will work for me. please send me the address, postcode and reference number.
what type of hotel is this?
and what type of hotel is that?
i'd like some information on a train next.
i will be departing from kings lynn, and traveling to cambridge.
the train should arrive by 16:45 and should leave on wednesday.
no, thanks! how long is the travel time?
no thank you. that is all i need today.
i am looking for a place to visit in town that is architecture.
i'd like churches, and any really old buildings. if you could give me the addresses of a few of those that would be great.
what is the post code for that place and the area of town it is in?
great. i also need a gastropub restaurant in the east that is expensive.
yes please. for 3 people at 12:45 on friday.
thank you that is all i needed today.
howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast
i would like the address please.
could you provide me with the star rating of the alexander bed and breakfast?
yes, that is perfect! can you also find a restaurant in the centre? i'm looking for mediterranean, but not too expensive.
i need the phone number, address, and postcode
i need the address and postcode. i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00. i need the contact number and car type please.
i will be departing the hotel by 19:00.
great, thanks for your help!
no, that will be all. thank you very much for your help.
hello. i need help finding a train on friday.
i'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on friday. i'm working, so i have to wait until after 11:45 to leave.
yes please. could you also give me the price?
thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
can you help me find a good hotel? i need one in the south.
i need one with free wifi and parking, please.
the hotel please, thanks.
yes, please. thanks!
on second thought i just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. thanks so much for your help!
i would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while i am here in cambridge.
no, i don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap. i will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on monday.
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. i also need the reference number.
i also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.
no price range. i do need it to have free wifi and parking though. can you tell me what star that hotel would be?
that sounds good. what is it's star rating, please?
i don't need a booking, but i need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.
great thank you very much
will the taxi arrive by the booked time?
just the telephone number of the taxi please.
thanks i have everything i need. goodbye!
hi, i'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the centre.
can you help me find a restaurant?
you convinced me. how about a college?
no. just give me your best recommendation.
not at this time but could you help me with a moderate priced hotel
i need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.
i need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.
that sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
that is all i needed for now. have a great day
i need to find a place to eat in centre please.
thank you. can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is? i'm looking for somewhere cheap.
what is the food type?
no. i need a guest house, same price as the dining place.
meh, i don't really care about the area.
sure. i need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on tuesday. please book el shaddai for me.
yes, i'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.
that will be all today, thank you.
i need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.
yes, i would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you
i don't have a preference on price. it also doesn't need to have free parking.
that sounds lovely. i also am looking for an italian restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?
i'd like a place in the east, please.
i'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday.
yes, let's try a little earlier at 13:45, and i will need a reference number please.
great, i also need a taxi to commute between two places.
sure, i'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course i want to get there for that 13:45 reservation.
thank you for all of the helpful information!
can you get me the contact number for the car?
no, thank you, you've been very helpful.
i'm looking for a hotel in cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.
i would like to be in the north part of the city please.
do you have anything in the south?
is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
sounds great. could i have the address?
thank you. i am also looking for a train departing on saturday from bishops stortford going to cambridge.
i would like to arrive by 10:30.
that would be perfect. please reserve 8 seats for me.
no, that'll do it. thanks!
i'd like to find a restaurant that offers asian oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.
i would like yippee.
monday, 19:00, for 6 people.
great, i also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.
the west please.
the hotel doesn't need to include internet. it should be in the same area as the restaurant.
the price does not matter. please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
no and thank you for your help
i am looking for a thursday departure for a train going to cambridge.
i am looking to depart from birmingham new street after 12:45
great can i get the train id, price, and arrival time for that one?
i don't need train booking. i do need to find a cheap spanish restaurant, though.
that's all i needed, thank you!
i'd like to book a table for 3 at 18:15 on thursday. and if possible, i'd like a reference number.
that is all, thank you very much.
is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food?
i do not care what area it is in.
how about a cheap restaurant serving italian food?
can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please
yes, the one in the north does.
yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday?
yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?
yes could i please get the phone number.
yes, i would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.
can i please get the taxi company's contact phone number?
that is everything, thank you.
i would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food
how about french?
if you could give me the phone number, that would be great.
no, thank you, that does it. thank you and goodbye!
hello, i am looking for a place to dine. i'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve indian food.
i'd like to look at the one in the west, please.
can i please have their postcode?
no thanks. i don't need a reservation yet. i am also looking to find a great place to do some boating.
no, where would you suggest?
that sounds good. can i get the postcode please?
no, that's it for now.
what train should i take to get to cambridge by 14:45?
depart from london liverpool street and should leave on monday.
yes, 14:45. could you give me a departure time that meets my criteria?
i don't know yet. do you know how much it will cost?
okay. i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any restaurants in the centre that serve asian oriental food?
nah. can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 20:45 on monday, please.
how about 19:45 and give me a reference number
i would like the reference number if it s successful please.
thank you very much for the help. good bye!
good morning, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when i arrive in cambridge next week.
i would like to try some modern american food.
yes, can you check chinese for me please?
what's the most expensive one?
no. i would like you to pick the best one you know of.
no, that's okay. can i book a table for 2 on friday at 15:15?
thank you. i also need train information. we are planning to leave on saturday at some time after 11:45.
yes. that works.
i need 2 tickets please.
thank you for your help.
that is it for today thank you for asking
can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?
we need the hotel to be in the north.
price range doesn't matter to me. i'd like it to have a one star.
how about a 4 star rating?
sure, i need it for 3 nights starting wednesday.
please book the hotel for 5 people.
thanks. i also need a restaurant in the same area.
indian food would be great.
can you please make a reservation at the moderately priced one?
ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 14:00 on wednesday.
thanks, i will need the reference number.
no, thank you for helping me with both bookings so quickly. have a great day. goodbye.
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
i would like somewhere expensive that serves chinese food
yes book it for friday. 5 people at 13:00.
i am also looking to book a train the same day!
it should go to cambridge and should arrive by 09:00
thats okay can you book that?
i need to depart from london liverpool street on friday. ineed to arrive in cambridge by 9:00
okay, let's book it for five people.
ok, thankk you. bye now.
would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in cambridge?
is there any european moderate restaurants?
no preference in area. would you be able to recommend one?
that's fine. book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 15:30. i need a reference number.
yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?
awesome... what is the postcode for the ballare?
that is all thanks
hello, i am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. i would prefer something in the expensive price range.
yes, i would like to eat chinese food.
yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on sunday.
i need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.
it doesn't matter. i would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.
that sounds great! does it have free parking and free wifi?
yes please, i need rooms for 8 people starting sunday for 3 nights.
i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 14:15. please provide the car type and contact number
i need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.
to the restaurant! just book it< you have all of my info! thank you
no, that is it for now. thank you so much.
i need a hotel in the west part of cambridge. i don't care if it has internet.
yes expensive please. just book me a room and send me the reference number.
no. actually sorry. it should be a cheap hotel in the west.
do they have free parking?
no, just the phone number and address. i am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.
i have no preference, just something in the same area as the hotel.
yes please thank you
i need the postcode as well.
nope. that was all i needed. thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse. do you know of any 4-star properties?
no particular area but free parking would be nice
yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on saturday.
actually, yes. i wanted to visit a college whilst i'm in town. could you recommend one for me?
i really do not have a preference on the area. which one would you recommend?
can you give me the phone number for it?
i will also need a taxi between them. i need to leave the hotel by 24:45.
that is all i need, thanks.
i need a place to stay in the north that includes free parking. what options are available?
yes, that is perfect thank you.
no thanks, just gathering information for now.
no. that is all for now.
thank you, have a great day, as well.
i need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to cambridge
i will be traveling on saturday from norwich.
please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can i please have the reference number?
i also need to book accommodations. something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.
i need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.
i think i would like the gonville in the central area.
yes, i'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. there will be 5 people.
yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.
thank you - that's all i need today. have a great day!
i need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in cambridge
ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.
is it in the moderate price range?
i would like one in the moderate price range. i need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.
no, i just need a room for 4 people. we'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant serving british food that is moderately priced.
no preference. what would you recommend? and i'll need the address.
that's ok, i'll handle that, but i'll need a taxi between the ashley hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.
thank you. that's all i need today.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.
i'm looking for someplace in the center of town.
well i would like modern european food and the prices to be moderate. do either of these restaurants match those criteria?
i would like the address and phone number to de luca cucina and bar. also looking for places to visit in the same area.
i would like it to be in the same area yes.
you can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.
please, and the entrance fee as well.
thanks! i will need a taxi to commute as well.
leave the attraction by 19:15
i'm going to de luca cucina and bar
have a nice day.
i need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant?
no, that will do it, thank you very much.
hello, i'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.
old schools sounds cool - can i have their phone number?
i'm looking for the gonville hotel.
no can i just get the hotel type and phone number please?
thanks. can i also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. i want to leave the hotel by 21:00.
thank you so much that's all i need.
i'm looking for a place to stay. i'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and i don't care about internet.
the west, please.
i'd like the cambridge belfry please.
i would like a room starting on sunday for 4 nights. there will be 6 of staying.
no, you've been great. thank you. goodbye.
thank you. goodbye.
hello, can you recommend attractions in the centre of town, please?
that sounds great, thank you very much! what type of attraction is that?
no thanks. can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?
no, but i definitely need free wifi.
not really. it's fine.
yes, i will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting monday.
i will need a taxi as well
i would like to leave the park by 11:00.
great that's all the info i needed today, thanks!
me too. have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north
yes, i'd like a moderately priced one, and i also need free wifi.
i would like a hotel please.
ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel
great. i also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 19:00.
i don't care about the type of cusine, i'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.
let's go with the chinese place. can you book me a table for 2 on thursday at 19:00?
no, thank you, that's all.
i am looking for information on the varsity restaurant.
could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on tuesday evening?
thank you so much, that is all.
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 08:45.
i will be departing from birmingham new street on tuesday.
no thank you. please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
yes please. i need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
i would like to stay in the centre of town please.
i would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.
i want the hotel located in the centre, as i stated before.
please just send me their postcode. thank you
thank you for all your help.
that is all that i need.
please find a place called club salsa.
wonderful. the address was exactly what i wanted. you're so efficient.
i am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the centre.
boo. i guess i would be able to try a modern european food restaurant?
sounds good! please book a table for 3 on friday at 13:00 and be sure to provide me with the reference number.
i also need a taxi to get me between the two places
can you get me from club salsa to de luca cucina by 13:00 please?
no not that i can think of you have done everything for me. thank you so much for your help.
yes i am looking for information on michael house cafe.
yes, please. for a party of 7 on friday, at 17:15.
that will be all. thank you very much.
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.
i have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?
nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.
yes i am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
price doesn't matter and i don't need internet. i do however need free parking.
that sounds good, let's go with that one.
i would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday, please.
thank you. i also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.
i think i would like it to be of the multiple sports type.
are there any theatres near the university arms hotel?
okay, can i please have the postcode?
thanks! i'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and i'll need to leave the theatre by 07:30, please.
that's all i need. thank you and goodbye!
hi there, i'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of cambridge.
no, i need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of south, thank you
yes i would love to hear more information about them. thank you.
sure. may i have the address?
i also need a place to dine that is in the same area and price range as the hotel.
hmm, i was looking for fusion type food, are there any that have that?
yes, are there any good indian restaurants?
great can i get their phone number, address, and postcode
not at this time. thank you for the information! good-bye
i am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.
i would prefer a nice part of town.
yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday?
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
not really wanting indian today. anything else?
could i have the address and phone number for the british restaurant?
and also postcode please
thank you. goodbye!
i'm looking for a hotel in the north.
i do want it to be a 4-star place.
no, i like the north. perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?
i would prefer the cheap price range.
what is the price of the worth house?
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.
can you help me find a restaurant as well?
the restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price
thank you. i just need their phone number and postcode.
i also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.
i would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.
thank you for the booking of the taxi. that will be all foe now.
can you help me find a hotel in the north?
yes i have a moderate price range.
does it offer free parking? if so, i would like to book it for four nights starting thursday for 3 people please.
can i have a reference number for the booking?
yes. i would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves cuban food.
what about one that has chinese food?
yes, i'd like to book for thursday at 17:15 with 3 people. send me the reference number too.
i will also need a taxi.
i need picked up at the hotel.
i need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?
thank you, and i apologize for getting snappy with you. that is all i need for today.
can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?
i'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves european food.
yes, that would work. could you make it for sunday at 16:30 for 1.
how about 15:30?
thank you. is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that i could go to?
alright, that sounds good to me. could you give me their address and phone number please?
thank you. that is all the information i'l be needing today!
i'm looking for information on the people's portrait exhibition at girton college.
yes please. you said it was free, correct?
ok thanks i also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?
i prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.
pick one for me. i need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
thank you. i also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the attraction by 22:30.
no thank you. you've been great!
i need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.
thank you.
i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.
does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating. i need wifi, and i'd like a nice rating.
is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on thursday?
great. what is the reference number?
is there another hotel in the same general price range?
any hotel, in the north, cheap. nothing else matters.
that is all. thank you.
i'm planning a trip and need some suggestions. i'm looking for places to go in town.
can i get some information on nightclubs in the east area?
how about one that is in the type of museum.
could i have the phone number and postcode?
no but i need a hotel.
i need to be in the same area as the attraction
i don't care about that. i do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the east area, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
yes. 1 person, 3 nights from monday on.
i will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at a and b guest house.
thank you for your help planning my trip. i think that's everything i need for now. have a great day!
i am looking for places to go in cambridge. are there any nightclubs?
i do not have a preference. can you give me the phone number and postcode for one?
yes i am looking for a restaurant called the ugly duckling.
i would like to book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday please.
can you try to book the restaurant for 18:30 instead please? and can you provide a reference number as well.
can you provide me with the reference number for my reservation please? thanks.
no, that is all. thank you!
i'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, i want to impress some people. is there something you'd recommend?
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and i need a reference number
i'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. do you recommend anything?
that would be perfect. what do you recommend?
great, thanks! is there a restaurant nearby?
no thank you. but could you please get me the phone number and postcode for williams art and antiques?
no thank you that will be all
i want a train going to cambridge.
stansted airport, please.
i need to leave on sunday and i need to arrive by 12:15.
yes, please. i need a booking for 7 people.
thanks so much for the train booking. i also need lodging with free wifi. i don't need free parking, though.
do have anything expensive? i don't care what area.
either one is fine. if you can recommend for me, that would be great. oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.
oh, i don't really care about that. which place would you recommend?
great! can i get the phone number?
no that won't be necessary. i'd just like the postcode and address please.
that's all for me. thanks for your help. bye!
i wanted to find out about local restaurants in cambridge.
it is called parkside pools. find me their post code.
i am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called parkside pools not a restaurant. do you have their postcode?
i also need an expensive place to dine in the mid of town.
i would like italian food, if possible.
that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 6 people
i need the table for tuesday at 14:45, but if for some reason tuesday doesn't work sunday is also acceptable. i will need the reference number as well.
no, that was everything. thank you!
i'm seeking an attraction! a boat one will be nice.
no, i'd like the name of one in the centre please.
yes please! thank you so much!
i am also looking for the oak bistro, a place to eat.
are there any boating activities available?
i don't care, what do you have?
yeah what's the address of camboats? i also need an expensive place to eat.
do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the centre of town?
how about something that serves seafood?
no thank you. can i have the phone number, postcode and address though?
yes, i am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.
yes, i'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to camboats.
no, that's everything thank you very much.
you too! bye!
hello. i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves swiss food. can you recommend anything to me?
oh okay. what are my choices for british food then?
what is the phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, i am looking for a train that leaves on tuesday after 18:15.
it should leave from cambridge and go to leicester please.
i do not have an arrival time.
yes. i would like to book it for 6 people please.
yes i also need a guesthouse to stay in. it should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.
no it doesn't matter.
i want to dine at an expensive asian oriental food restaurant.
which of the two restaurants is in the north?
yes, can you book a table for 5 for monday at 16:15?
ok, provide reference number too please.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. i would also like the address and phone number.
yes, i would like the address and phone number for each.
thank you
i need some lodging accommodations. it needs to have free parking and internet please!
i would like someone to book me a place with free parking and internet.
does it have four stars?
yes. please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting friday.
thanks a lot. can you also help me find a train going to ely?
i would like to leave on tuesday after 18:00.
not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in ely please?
what is the total travel time on that time?
that should do it. thanks so much for your help!
hi, i'm looking for information on booking a train. i would like to leave on wednesday and arrive at the destination at 17:00.
i would like to catch the train at london liverpool street and i'm going to cambridge.
yes can you book it for me and give me a reference number ?
awesome. i also need a place to eat in the moderate range. i'm thinking maybe in the city centre.
i really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves spanish food actually
just give me the address if you could please
thanks, i don't need any more help. have a good day!
is there a train i can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?
i'm departing from birmingham new street.
yes please book me for one ticket.
also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
hello! i'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!
could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?
what is the entrance fee for the contemporary art museum?
free is the best price! i'll probably be hungry after the museum. are there any moderately priced italian restaurants around?
could you book a table for me? i need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on wednesday.
great! i'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 11:30. can you book one for me?
can i please have the contact number for the taxi company?
thank you for your assistance.
is there a restaurant called cocum?
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on monday. can you please be sure to give me the reference number?
i also need to find a train departing from cambridge.
we would like to go to leicester on tuesday.
we would need the train to leaver after 11:45.
yes, please book for seven and i would like a reference number, please.
thank you that was all
i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
it should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.
alexander is fine. i need to book for 8 people. we'll arrive wednesday and stay 5 nights. i'll also need the reference number, please.
i also need to find a train going to cambridge.
i would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. i'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.
yes, may i have the reference number?
yes it was, thank you.
thank you that's all that i needed today
i need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.
yes, on the east side please.
does it have free parking?
i'm not ready to book. can you just tell me what the address is? oh, and how many stars is it?
no, that's all. thanks.
i'd like a train leaving on tuesday from kings lynn, please.
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:30.
i just needed the info, no booking just yet. thanks! goodbye.
have a great day
i actually need a place to stay as well. something in the east please.
i am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi.
sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?
yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.
no, that should do it! thank you very much for your help.
can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?
yes i want moderate price range
yes, free parking is important. and also make sure it's an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse, i prefer the amenities of a hotel.
i guess i don't have a choice. book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday.
no, that's all, thanks for the assistance!
yes, i'm looking for a cuban restaurant in the centre.
hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please?
that sounds great. can i have their phone number and address?
yes, can i please get their postcode and address?
thank you very much, that's all the information that i need.
thanks again for the help. have a great day. goodbye.
hello, we're planning on staying in cambridge and need lodging. we're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc. price is no problem.
i would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.
can you suggest one of the cheap ones?
yes. for one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.
thank you! i also need a train that arrives by 08:45
i'd like to leave from stevenage and go to cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.
no, i'm not sure i need the train yet. thanks for the info!
no, that's all i needed. thanks for your time!
thanks. i will definitely use your service again.
hello, could you help me with information on a train?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge on wednesday.
i don't have a departure time but i want to arrive by 15:45.
just please get me the train id and total travel time.
can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?
east part of town please
could you try to book me into one starting wednesday?
there will be three of us checking in on wednesday and staying for two nights.
not at this time. thank you so much.
no, thanks. that's all for today.
i am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves belgian food.
how about somewhere expensive in the centre?
how about a gastropub restaurant?
can you book a table at the bistro for me? 4 people at 13:30 on sunday, please.
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to ely, please.
i want to leave after 10:30 on monday.
yes, what time do i need to be at the station?
i just need the arrival time and price.
that was everything. thanks very much!
i need a moderately priced guest house.
yes i want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars.
i need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
yes, please try a different hotel in the same price range.
can you give me a reference number to check in with?
thank you for your help!
thank you i'm sure i will.
i need information for a train leaving on friday after 15:15.
i am leaving from cambridge and going to bishops stortford.
perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and i will need the reference number.
where do i collect my ticket?
great, thanks! can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?
i wasn't done yet, but thanks i will have a great day. now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?
okay. so how about one in the north then, because that's what i want. if not, then try the centre. and don't try to book without my permission again please.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.
i need one in the moderate price range.
yes please. i need a table for one at noon on saturday
can you try 11:00 for either place?
yes please. i need train on the same day arriving in cambridge.
i need to arrive by 08:45. are there any trains that early?
what is the travel time and train id?
no thanks. that will not be necessary. thanks for the info. goodbye.
sorry, no, i need to depart from broxbourne.
perfect, thanks. i am all set now.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
i would prefer caribbean food
do you show any indian restaurants in that area?
that sounds great. there will be 6 of us on sunday for dinner. say, 19:15?
yes, i'd also like to visit a museum.
you can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area
no that will be all thank you
hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves italian food? i will be in the area soon.
yes, i would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.
yes. i actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on wednesday at 18:15.
can you try 17:15?
thank you. can you book me a train arriving the same day as i am going to the restaurant?
i'm coming to cambridge from london liverpool street.
i would like to arrive by 10:00 and i would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. i also would like the reference number.
thank you! goobye.
i am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.
no, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.
no. you can pick the hotel. i will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from friday.
yes, i need the reference number.
thanks! i am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.
what is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?
no, that's all i needed! thanks you've been so helpful! bye!
i am looking for a college to visit.
i don't have a preference, but could i have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?
thank you. can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?
does it have 0 stars? i'm wanting to make sure i book a room at a place with 0 stars.
could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from saturday? if so, book it and please provide a reference number.
i just said i needed it on saturday for 4 nights? there will be 7 of us.
great, i also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
i will be departing from clare college at 02:15.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i wanted to visit a place called center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that i would need to book in advance?
ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend
yes, i am interested in one located in the city centre. can you list out several for me so i can choose from them?
please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee
can you give me the post code for the soul tree nightclub?
i would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves british food and is expensive. i need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.
yes can you please help me with that?
i'd like to book a table for 12:00 on wednesday
i'd like it for 7 people please. and could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?
thank you. can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?
adress and phone number please and thank you
so sorry, i was distracted. i need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.
please do and give me car type and contact
thank you so much. that's all i need for today.
hi, i'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.
are either of those two cheap?
any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap.
i'm not sure. i really needed those specifications.
yes, let's book it for 3 nights from wednesday. there will be 5 of us.
you've taken care of everything. thank you.
i need a place to stay
i'd prefer something in the north, a 4 star hotel with free wifi if possible.
would you like to book something without free wifi, or in another area.
what about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the north?
the parking does not matter.
can you tell me the phone number?
can you also help me find an indian place to eat.
i'm sorry, i meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the north side of town. i don't need a restaurant after all.
can i get a boat?
find me its entrance fee
i'm not ready to book it. i would just like to know the entrance fee.
no thanks that will be all then
i need a place to stay that is cheap.
i need a place in the center of town, and i would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse.
i want to book one of the expensive ones.
great. can i book the university arms for 2 nights for 4 people starting sunday please? i'll need a reference number.
can you help me find a hungarian restaurant, also in the centre of town?
is there and indian restaurant available in that area?
i would like expensive please.l
can you book a reservation for me?
i would like to book it fro sunday at 14:45.
4 people will be dining.
i think that is all i need today. thank you for all your help. good bye.
i am looking for information in cambridge looking for a restaurant in the north
how about an expensive venetian place?
how about something that serves asian oriental food?
that sounds great. i will need a table for 5.
16:30 on thursday, please.
can you provide me with a reference number, please?
i would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on thursday, with arrival by 13:30.
please give me the departure and travel time.
thank you! that is all the information i need.
what museums are there in the north area of town?
how about a swimming pool then?
thank you. i just need the phone number and i'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?
thanks, that sounds great. can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?
i am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food.
how about italian food?
yes please. there will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on thursday at 17:45.
how about 16:45 on tuesday? can i have the reference number?
15:45, 18:45, if not is there another italian restaurant that i could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?
yes i will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
what is the contact number and what will be the car type?
thank you so much!
no, that is all i need today. thanks again! bye.
i need a train that leaves for ely on friday.
i need to arrive in ely before 11:30. i would be leaving from cambridge.
yes, i would like to book a train that will arrive in ely before 11:30.
i also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.
do any of them have 3 stars?
no, but i do need the address, postcode, and phone number.
that is all i need. thank you.
i didn't need a train. i have everything i needed now. thank you for your help.
i'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.
what's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel?
thank you!! can you also recommend places to go around the centre. my wife is really into architecture.
can i get the address of that?
thank you so much, that is all i needed.
i need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some creative food.
what about italian food?
that is great. i need to make a booking for one.
book a table for 1 people at 11:15 on tuesday with reference number please and thank you
thanks for handling the restaurant booking. i also need a cheap place to stay near the restaurant.
that sounds great! can i get the phone number and postcode too?
great, thank you so much for all your help.
no, that's everything i needed. thanks again! goodbye!
can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?
can you suggest one for me please. i need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number
also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.
can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? i'll need a reference number as well.
i will be staying for 5 days
never mind the booking. i need a taxi.
i want to leave the hotel by 20:00.
the fitzwilliam museum is my destination.
thank you that's all i needed today.
great, that's all i need...thanks so much! have a great day!
i'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.
the fitzwilliam sounds good. could i get the phone number?
i'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.
no, thanks. that will be all.
no, again, that is all, thank you.
i'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. can you recommend one?
i don't care about wifi or parking. to be honest, i don't care what area it is in, either. what would you pick?
sounds nice. what is the address and postcode please?
i'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.
hmm. what about museums?
sure. that sounds good. can i get their address and postcode please?
thanks! i also need a taxi between both locations, please.
i want to leave the hotel by 23:15.
wow that was fast thanks! no, that is all i needed. hope you have a wonderful day.
can you recommend some places to go in the west side of town?
not really. what would you recommend?
what is the postcode and address for the museum?
can you help me find the worth house hotel?
yes, please, that would be perfect.
i'm sorry, but don't book it. i just need the area and address.
thanks for all your help!
i sure hope so. a friend recommended the alexander bed and breakfast. what can you tell me about it?
that sounds like a great place! what's the address?
i will also need a train on tuesday.
i need the train to depart from leicester and arrive in cambridge by 10:15. i am open on departure time.
i am wanting to go to the theatre. are there any in the centre of town?
the adc theatre sounds perfect. could i get the postcode and phone number please?
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. it doesn't need to include free internet.
i don't care about the price, but i would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.
is el shaddai in the centre of town?
yes can you reserve for two nights beginning may 18th?
i need to book for three people.
i'm so hungry! can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? money is no object!
i am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?
that's fine. i'd like to know if it's in the centre of town. if so, i need a table for sunday.
can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on sunday?
thank you so much! i'm also looking for parks to see. can you help me with this?
i am not particular but could i have an address for a popular one?
you have been a great help. thank you so much. goodbye.
i want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.
i want at least 4 stars rating. are any of them 4 starts?
no, just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting sunday.
i prefer to stay in a moderate area.
sounds good. please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday.
yes let's try that one please.
hi, i'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.
alright. i wanted a 1 star, but i guess i can listen to the 2 star options.
hmm. what do you what about 4 star hotels?
well, i'd like to book one. i don't think it matters which one.
i need it for two nights starting on saturday.
it would be for 7 people.
no, that is all. thank you. bye.
i need some information on a train departing from peterborough.
i need a train to cambridge that leaves after 4:15 pm.
i want to leave on friday.
that may work. what is the train id, travel time, and arrival time?
how long is the train ride?
great, thanks. can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. i want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible.
21 in the moderate price in the centre? which one do you say is best?
i'm open to anything, ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on friday.
thanks so much, that's all i needed help with today!
i'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.
i don't care
is there another one as well?
yes could you give me the phone number for the nirala?
which part of town it is in ?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for an upscale chinese food restaurant in cambridge; can you make a recommendation?
i need something in the center of town.
that sounds fine. can you give me the address and phone number?
yes, i know it would work, i am the one you asked, lol. can you just give me the address and phone number though?
thanks, i am also looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.
yes, i'd like the address please.
no that's all, thank you!
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range.
are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday?
the italian restaurant prezzo sounds good.
nope thats it. thanks
cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.
i would prefer italian.
thank you goodbye.
can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?
the ashley hotel sounds good. does it have free parking?
thanks. coulc you book a room for me, just one person. it will be three nights starting sunday.
great, thank you for all your help.
no, thank you for your service.
can you find me a guest house?
ok is the acorn guest house a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking
i'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
great! i'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.
the restaurant would need to serve kosher food.
how about one that serves british food?
yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or british food?
ok, let's start over. i don't want to cause confusion. i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food. can we try that?
how about a restaurant that serves british food in the centre of town?
okay, please pick one for me.
wednesday, for 2 people. at 16:30.
how about 15:30? please send me the reference number once booked. i am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.
no, thanks. that does it for me. take care. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
i don't care about the price range. i do want to be in the north, though.
how about something in the north?
try there for three nights then give me the reference number
i want booking for four people
i'll arrive on wednesday.
great. that takes care of all my needs for now. thanks!
i need train schedule information for thursdays, please
departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45
i need to go to stansted airport please
that's fine. please book one seat for me, please.
i am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.
the huntingdon marriott hotel sounds really nice. could you book us a room there for 2 nights on tuesday?
just one person please
try booking the room for just one night, please.
thank you but that's all.
could you help me find a place to stay? i need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.
are any of them a guesthouse in the moderate price range?
could i get the postcode, please?
i am also looking for a place to dine.
yes, i would like british food in the moderate price range please.
great! can i have the address and phone number, please?
i will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions. i am looking for a place to stay when i get there.
thank you! i would like to stay in the north part of town, please.
i definitely need free wifi, and i'd like a 4 star place.
that sounds great! what's their address and phone? and is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
thanks. yes, i am also looking for places to go when i get there. are there any cinemas in the same area as archway house?
i am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?
i need a cinema in the north.
what about a pool in the north?
can i have the phone number and postcode for kings hedges?
thank you, i also need a taxi to communte between the two places. i'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.
okay, great. thank you for your help!
no that's all thank you for the help!
what are some places to go to?
recommend something for me, as long as it is in the center.
that sounds perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? i'd like a 4 star location, please.
the hotel should include free wifi it should be near the attractions
yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
no that looks like everything i need today. thank you.
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.
sure, let's try british food, please?
that sounds great! could you book a table there for wednesday? there will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00.
ok and get me the reference number please
i also need a train to leicester.
yes, on thursday.
i prefer to depart after 16:45. just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. then give me the reference number.
thank you for all of your help.
no that is everything i needed. thank you.
i want to find a german restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.
perhaps there is one that serves indian food. indian food is also good.
the kohinoor sounds good. could you book a table for 2 for me?
it's for around 12:45 on wednesday. and that was for 2 people please. can i get the reference number then too please?
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at birmingham new street.
thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?
that's everything. thank you very much!
hello, i would like information on milton county park.
yes thank you! that is all i needed.
sorry, also, i need information on the alexander bed and breakfast.
perfect. i was curious about how many stars they had. thanks so much for the information.
maybe. how many stars is the hotel rated?
no i need some time to consider my choices. thank you for your help today. that is all the information i need.
thank you for your help. i will.
a train depart from cambridge and arrive by 19:00
i need to leave on thursday and am heading to bishops stortford.
i'd like to leave before 14:00
no, i'll look it up later and do it myself. but could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city centre?
which ever one has free parking and wifi.
sounds great. can you please book that for me for tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights please?
nope, that's all i need today. thanks!
i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west
i would really like to try some british food please.
no, if you could just book me into one for saturday, that would be great.
i need if for four, 13:30, saturday.
okay great no that will be it.
can you help me find a place to stay? i'm looking for somewhere in the west.
that doesn't really matter, but i do need it to include free wifi.
we would like it to be in the expensive price range.
yes, sounds get. i need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday
yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves british food in the same area as my hotel?
it doesn't matter. you can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel
uhh yes, the name of the place please? after that i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.
i would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 14:15.
no that is everything i needed. thank you.
please find a park in the north.
could i get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?
thanks. i also need an expensive restaurant. do you know of any asian oriental places?
i'd like the one in the north, please?
no, just their phone number and address please
now i would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.
i'd like to leave at 21:30. i'll need the contact number and car type, please?
we would like to eat some japanese food while we are visiting.
if the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive i would like to look instead for chinese restaurants.
i'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for jinling noodle bar.
can i get their postcode please?
i could use some help finding a train to get me to leicester on monday.
i want it to arrive by 18:00
just to confirm tr5465 departs cambridge and arrives in leicester at 17:06? what time does the train depart?
thats all for today. thanks alot for helping
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars
i don't really care where. but, it does need free parking. i'm thinking i may need free wifi also. is there anything?
do you have any recommendations?
great can you give me the phone number?
thank you that will be all
what is good in the south part of town
i don't care what type of food it is.
yes, under $25.00 per entree.
cheap, please
i'm looking for asian oriental food in expensive range.
yes. could you provide the address and phone number for kymmoy?
yes can you please and send me the reference number?
i also need a train leaving peterborough on wednesday.
yes, i would like to leave after 10:30.
can you give me the travel time on that?
that is all i needed today.
can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? can it also arrive before 10:45 too? thankyou for your time.
does it leave on sunday?
yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.
thanks so much. can you also find me a place to stay?
i would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
no that's ok. can i just get the phone number and postcode?
that will be all for today thanks !
are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on thursday?
i need to go to broxbourne, i'll be leaving cambridge.
i said thursday.
yes please book for 8 people. i need the reference number. also, i want information on a restaurant called bangkok city.
yes how did you know? lol. can i have their phone number please
that is all thank you goodbye
he, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants in cambridge. can you tell me about some train schedules?
can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with indian food?
no thanks, i need a train from cambridge to stevenage in tuesday. i want to arrive before 21:00
could i get the price of that train please?
thanks. now i think you could help me with an expensive italian restaurant perhaps?
sounds good. can you book a reservation for tuesday at 22:00?
i need the reservation for three.
um i meant 14:45, my mind wandered, who wants dinner two hours before midnight, lol. same booking but 14:45 please.
thanks alot.that is all i needed for today
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. it should serve sri lankan food.
i was really hoping for sri lankan.
how about gastropub?
are they all listed as expensive?
could you please give me the phone number for the royal standard?
okay, thanks. that will do it for today.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food.
are there ant jamaican restaurants in any part of town?
how about portuguese food instead?
awesome, thank you!
i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?
is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.
no thank you.
no, that's fine. thank you!
any trains leaving after 18:00?
i would like to travel to the stansted airport and leave from cambridge.
we will be leaving on tuesday. please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number. thank you!
i also need a moderate priced guesthouse.
i only need the details. is it a 3 star?
can i have the address, phone number and the area its in please.
that is everything for today, thank you.
please list all restaurants in cambridge centre in the moderate price range.
possibly italian if that's available for 3 people on thursday at 13:30.
let's go with pizza express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.
i need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. can you help with that too?
i'm travelling from norwich.
i need to arrive by 8:00.
i want to get there thursday please.
yeah could i get three tickets please?
thank you so much, if you can please leave a review for us. i hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.
hello. could you find a train leaving on wednesday for me? i need it to arrive by 19:00.
i will be leaving cambridge to go to bishops stortford.
sounds good. could you find me a cheap eatery near there when we arrive?
maybe later. what time does my train leave and how much is the ticket?
how long is the travel time going to be?
that will be all. thank you.
thanks! have a great day!
hi. i'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. where can i go for that?
no thank you, i'm just looking for now. that's everything i needed.
is cityrooms 4 stars? i'm sorry i forgot to specify, but i do require it.
okay, how about one in the cheap price range?
alexander bed and breakfast, can i get the address and hotel type please?
i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what attraction type is it?
no, i just need a taxi to get between the two places.
i'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.
excellent. that's all i needed.
i'm leaving cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on monday.
i need to depart for birmingham new street after 20:15. thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!
yes i would like to book for 4 people and i need the reference number.
that would be great thank you. i am also looking for halal food located in the centre. can you help me find one?
can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the centre?
yes, please tell me about italian food.
i would like to try caffe uno.
i would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on monday, please.
that's all i needed, thank you.
i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
what is its rating. i need a 4 star hotel?
yes i need a room booked for 8 people. we will be there for 3 nights starting on friday.
yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range?
yes, the same price range as the arbury lodge please.
okay great. that is all i need.
i need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!
i am in the mood for lebanese food.
i'm not sure what time i need just yet. can i get the postcode?
i'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
i'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!
definitely! there will be 6 of us, arriving saturday, and staying for 5 nights.
great. can you also get me a taxi to take me from ali baba to el shaddai. i want to leave the restaurant by 05:30.
i just need one taxi. can you book that for me, please?
no, thank you. that was it for today. thank you very much for your assistance. have a good one. good bye.
i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.
are there any italian restaurants in that part of town?
yes, the address and phone number please.
thank you . good bye
i want a place to eat in the west.
i have a taste for something british.
i want the most expensive one.
travellers rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on sunday.
i also need a train. leaving cambridge on monday.
i want to go to stevenage
i would like to get there by 21:30.
just book one that will get me to stevenage by 21:30 please. 2 tickets, just like dinner.
thank you for the booking and reference number. i'll let you know if i need anything else.
what is there to do in the centre of town?
possibly a theatre?
ok, what's the phone number for that place?
what's the postcode?
thanks! i also need some help finding a hotel on the east side.
what star is it ?
no, i'm not ready to book yet. thanks for all the help today, that's all i needed. good bye.
i am looking for a train from stevenage for a trip to cambridge.
i need to leave on wednesday after 10:45
yes i would. there are 3 of us traveling. could we get a private area on the train?
for the train, no. and i made a mistake. i only need a booking for 1 person.
i also need a place to dine. i'm looking for something cheap in the south.
please book nandos.
actually, i'll take care of the reservation. can i just get the phone number and address for nandos, please?
no, that was all the information i needed. thanks so much. have a good day.
please find me a corsica restaurant.
are there any gastropub restaurants?
i don't care
could i have the area, address, and phone number of the moderately priced one please?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.
any area should be fine. the hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
it sounds expensive. can i have the phone number and area please?
i also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.
that sounds great. may i have the phone number and postcode, please?
thank you. i am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to leave man on the moon at 24:30 and go to the university arms hotel.
that's all for me, thank you for your help.
i have some questions about attractions, today.
i want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.
surprise me :) i need the address, postcode and the entrance fee. i also need a vegetarian restaurant with a moderate price range.
i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.
could you look for an indian restaurant?
no just provide me their address and phone number.
i'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.
i'm going to need to leave the museum by 9:00.
thank you so much. i don't think i have any questions right now.
no thank you.
i need a train to cambridge that leaves after 13:30.
i'll be departing from kings lynn on tuesday.
first, i'd like to know the arrival time for it.
no, thanks. i also need a room in the north with free parking.
as long as it is 2-star rated and moderately priced, i'm pretty flexible about all the rest.
yes, please book the ashley for 2 people and 2 nights starting tuesday.
that should be all i need. thank you for your help!
no thank you. good bye.
i was hoping to dine at a korean restaurant while in cambridge.
what is the price range of that restaurant?
is that in the centre area? if so i'd like a reservation for 7 on friday please.
yes can you please and send me the reference number.
can you reserve a table for friday for 7 people at 15:45?
what is the reference number?
i'm also looking for a train. the train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on monday.
i am departing from cambridge and need to get to norwich.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
i am not sure what day, i am just researching now. i would like to have a 4 star hotel. are there any options?
i do not have a preference on area.
does it have wifi?
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on thursday please?
yes, i need a train to peterbourough on sunday.
i'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. can you help me out?
i'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on friday. we will be in town for 4 nights.
yes, i need a train that leaves after 9:30
i am departing cambridge and going to peterborough, on tuesday please.
that sounds good. could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?
yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. can i have the reference number as well?
thank you so much for all your help today.
no, that is all i will be needing. thanks again. bye.
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food
how about any area?
what is the address and price range?
no thank you, goodbye.
hi, can you give me information on trains? i need to leave from london liverpool street on sunday, heading to cambridge.
can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at cambridge by 20:30?
yes. what is the price and train id of that one?
yes please. i am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. i would like it to be an expensive restaurant.
i don't have a preference, but i'd like to book the same day for 2 people at 13:15. i also need the reference number.
on sunday as well. may i also have the reference number please?
no thank you. appreciate your help.
i need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. can you help me?
i'd like to leave after 11:45 on thursday, please.
with our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. is there one leaving later?
that sounds great. can you please book 7 tickets on that one?
thank you. yes, i do need a place to dine. i would like an expensive restaurant in the north.
any type is fine. i'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.
what type of food is it?
thank you. i missed that before. screaming kids, you know.
thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking for this restaurant called city stop restaurant
i need their postcode and price range.
i need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at please.
do any of those places include free parking?
i need a place to stay and i want it to be a guesthouse.
i like the south part of town and should include free wifi
does either have free parking?
yes, please book for thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.
thank you. can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?
mexican sounds good. please book it for the same day --thursday and for the same three people at 17:30.
perfect, thanks! can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? i'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
thanks a lot goodbye
i'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.
yes, i'd really like to stay on the west end of the city. anything available there?
does that place have free wifi?
thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on sunday? may i also get a reference number?
no thanks, that is all.
can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?
yes, i would prefer it to be in the north.
a hotel please. i also need free parking.
can you book a room at the ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on tuesday.
great i also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.
i just want to get there by 19:00
i'm leaving from broxbourne.
can you book that train for five people?
great, thanks for all of your help today. i won't be needing any further help. bye.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i need to know if any trains are running to broxbourne on saturday that arrive by 10:30.
great can you get me 8 tickets please?
i also need to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.
do any of them have free wifi?
ok great, i need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the monday.
you can just pick one for me. i'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. i need a room monday for 5 nights and 8 people.
no, that will be all. thanks. you've been a great help. goodbye.
i am looking for an attraction in the centre of cambridge.
yes, please find any museums in the town centre.
i need the postcode. also, is there any place in town serving barbeque?
i am also interested in a moderately priced place i can get barbeque.
are there any places that serve gastropub food?
sure! for 5 people at 13:45 on sunday please. thank you!
sure, would 12:45 be available?
i would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 12:45 to the restaurant. i would also like its contact number and car type.
perfect. thank you very much for your help.
i'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. would you be able to help me find one?
i would like to stay in the north. i would also like the guesthouse to have free parking and wifi.
it has free parking and wifi? sounds great.
just get me their phone number.
thanks. i could also use some help finding out about a train going into cambridge.
day of travel is tuesday and departure city is ely and to arrive by 12:45
can you give me the departure time and price, please?
that was all i needed. thanks!
tell me a good nightclub.
yes, please may i have the postcode for the first one listed?
yes. i would like an expensive restaurant in the same area.
yes. i would like a french restaurant please.
i actually need a place serving modern european food, please.
yes, please book at table for 4 at 19:15 on saturday.
that's everything i needed. thanks!
i am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.
the hotel should be in the expensive price range.
i do, yes. i would like to stay in the center of town. i need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting wednesday afternoon.
lets try just booking it for one night.
what about the 4 star hotels?
can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on wednesday?
yes, i also need a train leaving after 18:30 from kings lynn to cambridge.
same day as my hotel booking.
great! i will need 5 tickets.
thank you. what's the travel time?
thank you very much.
no, that is all i need. thanks!
i need a train departing cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.
i am going to norwich and i want to leave on thursday.
okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?
perfect! can you also find me a restaurant?
modern eclectic please
no, but an expensive mediterranean place in the center of town would work.
something in the upper range, over 20 a place.
i've heard great things about la mimosa. can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?
thank you for booking that for me.
what is the address to the hospital in cambridge?
can i also get their phone number please?
thank you! can you also help me find a hotel?
i'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.
i would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending wednesday and thursday night.
well, i was going to visit christ college so same area is that. i forgot to ask you earlier, i always confuse hospitals and colleges.
it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.
yes, please. i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.
8 people will be traveling.
i want to leave by 21:00.
okay. thank you for all your help.
no have a nice day.
i want a train that leaves on wednesday.
i'm going to cambridge from new street in birmingham
i need to make sure that i will arrive by 09:15?
great. i'm also looking for information on the ugly duckling restaurant.
yes, please! i'd like a table for 1 at 15:15 on the same day as the train.
nope, that's it. thanks for your help.
is there a train i can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?
i'm departing from birmingham new street.
yes please book me for one ticket.
also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
the area of town is not important, but i would like a hotel with free parking and four stars.
yes please. can you tell me anything about it- how big are the rooms? do they offer suites?
yes, i need the phone number please!
could you go ahead and book me the guesthouse?
i am not looking to book just yet, actually. just please find information on guesthouse in the cheap price range.
it needs 4 stars please.
i just need their phone number please.
no thank you that is all i needed.
i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.
indeed i do. i'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. the hotel should have a 4 star rating.
so that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? and do they have free parking?
no thank you. i also would like a place to go in town.
i am looking for a college.
it doesn't matter, pick one for me? i'll just need the address.
thanks. now i just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the huntingdon marriott and take me to clare hall. i'll need car type and contact number
thank you. that is it for now.
i'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north.
i would like to book at 74 chesterton road.
wait, before we do that i should probably check on the prices. what sort of room rates am i looking at?
yes that would work
there will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from monday.
okay thank you for everything.
i want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve australian food in the centre.
what about an expensive restaurant in the centre?
i'd be interested in any serving british food.
sounds great. please book me a table for wednesday at 16:00 for 5 people.
thank you, i'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. can you find me one?
are there good hotels that you can book?
i need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.
i want the north area.
are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting tuesday, with free parking? hopefully, near some attractions too. oh, and i almost forgot, may i get a reference number?
yes please. what do you have in the same area as the hotel?
boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? i also need the phone number and address.
thanks. can you book me a taxi to take me from acorn guesthouse to the riverboat georgina by 20:15?
i have everything i need. thanks for all your help!
i am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.
i would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.
yes please, a reference number would be great!
i want to check in on tuesday
yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.
get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.
make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you
that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may i know the address as well?
none in the west, i talked so someone earlier
could you give me the address and phone number?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i will need to be picked up at the hotel by 4:45 to arrive at the college on tuesday.
no i believe we got everything covered today.thanks. goodbye.
are there any british restaurant that serve moderate priced food?
i don't care, just local.
could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on tuesday?
thank you. could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on tuesday?
i am looking for a place to stay. is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? it doesn't need to include internet.
as long as i can book it for eight people i do not have a preference otherwise
the price range does not matter. it needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.
yeah, i've heard good stuff about finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? i need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.
there'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on tuesday.
we will be staying 2 nights starting on tuesday.
would it be available for just one night?
oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel leaving at 21:45?
that's all i needed. thank you.
yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?
it is called home from home. i was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.
thanks, that is all i need on the hotel but can i book a train from cambridge to stevenage, i need to arrive by 20:45 and leave at 05:00.
i would like to leave on thursday.
i just need the departure time and price please
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. what is the phone number and address?
thank you, goodbye
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
yes, how about european food instead.
could i have their phone number and address?
thank you good bye
i'm looking for a place to stay, i would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.
whatever you'd recommend. i would prefer free parking and wifi, though.
no, let's just book it.
i would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
can you also find an attraction called milton country park?
could you tell me what kind of attraction that is?
no. that will be all. thanks so much for all your help. goodbye
where do i get info on hotels?
a hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. i would like one in the moderate price range.
yes please book the the ashley hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
i would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.
yes, i'd like the phone number and postcode.
okay thank you that is all i need.
i really have to run. i'm late for work. goodbye.
what is there to do or see for entertainment?
what is in the centre?
if there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?
no, i don't mind paying admission.
sound good. can i get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?
thanks. i also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.
do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?
yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.
i have no preference.
yes please. i need the reservation to be for 5 people.
saturday or tuesday.
i would prefer saturday please.
i want five nights.
thanks. i will also need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the avalon guesthouse.
i'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.
thank you, goodbye
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
thank you. can i have the address please?
thank you. i would like their price range and phone number as well please.
thank you, goodbye.
goodbye.
can you tell me about any german restaurants in the east part of the city?
yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the east as well.
indian sounds good.
can you book a table at your favorite expensive one? there will be 4 of us at 15:15 on friday.
i am also looking for a place to stay
expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 4 star, please.
how about huntingdon marriott hotel? i need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
hi there, i'm trying to find a train that leaves from leicester but it must be after 11:15. can you help me book a ticket?
please book me a ticket for that train.
i just need the train id please.
no thank you. that's not necessary. can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre of town?
nothing expensive please.
the ghandi sounds nice. can i get their address? and they are a cheap restaurant, right?
no thank you, their information is enough at this time. do they have a phone number?
i need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.
yes, that would be fine. could i get the train id?
i think that is all for now.
do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. i would like it to be expensive please.
no, i'm not particular in fact i would like to try something exotic. can you also give me the address please?
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the same area as the restaurant.
hmm, that name doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. how many stars is it rated?
what price range is the university of arms in?
would you like to book that?
yes, just give me their phone number if i want to reserve something i'll call them myself.
can you please confirm for me if the hotel has free wifi and what part of town it is in? thanks.
thank you! that's all i needed today. bye!
hi, i am looking for information on a place to stay.
yes a four star hotel that is cheap.
is that a guesthouse? that is the type i am looking for.
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.
yes, i would appreciate it if you would book that.
our stay will start on tuesday for 4 nights. our party includes 8 people.
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
no that will be all.
i am looking for the gonville hotel. can you help me?
could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday?
yes,please try south part of town,thank you.
that's great. thank you.
no that will be it. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant.
i'm looking for unusual food. and i want a place in the centre of town.
i'll take something that is cheap.
do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest?
is that italian? i would like an italian restaurant, please.
okay, that sounds good. i need to make a reservation for 2 people on tuesday.
how about 13:15?
that's great, thank you.
hi, i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves european food.
no specific area, but i would like it for friday.
i'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on friday please.
thanks, i'm also looking for a train for friday that goes to cambridge and arrives by 08:15.
i'll be coming from peterborough. all 7 of us will need tickets for the train.
yes, please include the reference number.
thank you, that is all for today. goodbye.
can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?
is the place expensive?
i would prefer the expensive hotel. please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
no, i'd like to keep looking for an expensive hotel.
north part of town,please.
thank you very much. i appreciate your help.
yes, that will be all for today, goodbye.
i am looking for a place called cherry hinton water play
i also need their postcode.
i'm also looking for a restaurant. do you have anything cheap that serves indian food?
can you suggest one thats in the north? i would just need the name and address please. thanks.
i would need a taxi to travel to cherry hinton water play from the restaurant.
i want to leave royal spice by 11:45 please
no, that will be all today. thank you.
can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?
i will be departing kings lynn.
yes for 2 people on a tuesday please. and i would like the reference number.
thanks so much. can you also help me look for the carolina bed and breakfast?
yes please. two nights from tuesday for two people.
i need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. and i need the reference number then too please
i would like a 3-star hotel with free wifi, please.
i don't have a particular area in mind but i do also need free parking please.
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap chinese food restaurant. can you recommend one?
i should have mentioned i am looking for a restaurant in the centre. sorry about that.
yes, please book that restaurant for me. it'll be 7 people on wednesday at 14:45. i'll definitely need a reference number.
thanks for trying. let's do thursday, please.
that's all i needed today. thanks for your help. goodbye!
i will be going to cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.
no, but i definitely want a four star hotel.
actually are any of them 4 stars?
i'd like free parking.
not yet, but i would like the postcode.
i am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the centre.
how about a concert hall?
thank you. can i also get the address and postcode?
thank you for your help. that's all for today.
thank you, take care!
i need to catch a train in broxbourne on wednesday.
i need to arrive in cambridge by 17:15 please.
train id please and thank you
thank you i also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves afternoon tea food.
how about one that serves international food?
i would like to book at varsity for 5 people around 20:45 on the same day i arrive.
nothing else for today. thank you.
i would like to dine at a restaurant serving indian food on the east side of town. any suggestions?
price does not matter.
great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on tuesday?
i also need to travel by train to norwich, some time on tuesday after 14:30.
yes please and i need a confirmation number
thank you goodbye
i need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.
i would like an italian restaurant.
yes, please, i would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on saturday.
are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range?
sure. please book me at one of those.
4 people at 13:45 on saturday, please.
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
i'm looking for a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant. do you know it? it's a restaurant.
yes, i would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 19:30 this saturday. could i also get the reference number?
i was hoping to find a hotel that is 4 star.
i don't care, just as long as it's in the moderate price range.
oh, i really prefer a hotel. maybe you could find someplace that is cheap instead?
yes book it for saturday. 6 people, 5 nights.
that is all i need.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.
i'm open to anything. i need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on wednesday. give me the reference number please.
thank you very much, yes, i also need to book a train ticket. i'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:45 if possible.
i'll be leaving from kings lynn. any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.
that works perfectly. please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.
thank you very much for your help. have a great day!
nope that should do it
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
a hotel and it needs to have free parking.
i'm sorry. can you try a guesthouse? still north w/free parking. thanks and sorry!
perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.
let's try just one night then.
i am looking for a multiple sports event. can you find one for me?
actually, i wanted to stay in the centre. can you see if there is something there?
are there any colleges? if so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?
terrific. i would like to book a taxi between the two places.
i want want to leave the hotel by 02:45.
i am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?
i don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the east?
yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. we'll be arriving on monday.
that doesn't matter to me.
that's all i need right now. thank you for your help. good bye.
hey, any entertainment type places in this town?
could i get the cherry hinton hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?
i am also looking for information on the ashley hotel.
i would like to book it for 3 nights starting sunday. for 5 people, please.
great! that was all i needed.
hi, can you help me find a place to stay? i'd like a hotel on the north side, please.
that sounds like what i am looking for. yes, i'd like to book a room.
i would like to book a room for 3 days starting tuesday. there is a total of 3 people.
can you try for just 1 night then?
yes, whatever you can find.
thanks, i think that's all i need right now. bye
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
turkish food.
yes, please give me the one turkish food restaurant's phone number and address please.
thank you.
i am looking for a german restaurant in the west part of town.
how about italian?
what is the phone number of one of them?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
i'd like to stay in the centre please.
that sounds like exactly what i need.
yes. i would like to book for tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.
i am also looking for the restaurant "the good luck chinese food takeaway". do you know it?
yes for tuesday at 14:00 on tuesday please.
it will be for two people. i will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. i need the contact number and car.
sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?
that is everything that i need.
i'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.
can i get the address and phone number of the vietnamese one?
i'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?
what areas of town are they in?
tell me about the ones in the west. and can i get the address for thanh binh?
no, i also need a taxi to get between the two place.
yes, it's going to be one of the college...i need a suggestion for that. i need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.
sure, that sounds great. i just need that taxi to take me from thanh binh to the college.
i want to get to the college by 02:00.
okay great, that's all i needed today!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
thank you! can you help me find a train to norwich, please?
i'll be leaving cambridge on monday at 9 pm.
i need the train to arrive by 21:00. is there one at that time?
yes book that for 3 people please
i am now looking to dine at mahal of cambridge
what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?
no. i think that is all.
actually, i would like to book a table at that restaurant.
come to think of it, i won't need a reservation. that will be all for today. thanks for your help!
great. i'll call back if i need anything. goodbye.
hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side?
yes, are there any expensive ones? i also would like free parking as well.
how about something in the moderate range?
that sounds great! can you see if you can get me a room starting friday? we'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 2 of us.
no, that's all i need. i appreciate your help!
i need a train leaving on monday after 18:45.
yes, i need to travel from kings lynn to cambridge.
that would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?
i would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking
is it cheap? and do they offer free parking?
can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day
thank you. that is all for now.
i am looking for a museum on the east side.
can i get the address to one?
could you give me the postcode, too?
thank you, can't wait to go! can you help me with one more thing? i need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.
not really. i won't be needing free parking.
please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.
awsome! i also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 19:00.
i'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. i'd like to leave by 19:00 please.
thank you. that is all i need.
can you give me information on a particular attraction, called kambar?
great, could you also provide me with the phone number?
i want to also eat indian food. what expensive restaurant do you have?
great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on monday?
no. that will be all.
thank you for helping
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town centre.
i would like to try gastropub. do you have one that serves that?
no thank you. can you tell me the postcode, address, and phone number please?
i'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a guesthouse, what is there like that?
great, can i get their postcode, address, and phone number?
yes that would be great. thank you.
i would like to book it for 3 nights starting friday.
actually i'm not sure yet how many people will be with me. can you just give me their phone number for now?
no, i do not think so. thank you for your help!
yeah, my wife and kids are demanding spanish food. can we keep it on the cheap side, please?
yes, i would like the address please.
we are also looking to visit a local museum. do you have any recommendations?
something close to the restaurant would be nice.
what is the entrance fee and address? i think this sounds like a great place to visit.
thank you that was all i needed.
i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the centre
sure. i'd like to find something in the area of architecture.
ok. what is the phone number for holy trinity church?
can i have the address and phone number, please?
can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 4 stars and include free wifi and parking.
it doesn't matter. could you also get me the postcode for holy trinity church? i forgot to ask.
what area is it in?
no that will be all thank you so much.
i need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday
i'm leaving on wednesday from stevenage.
i would like to leave after 12:30 please.
possibly. what is the price for that ticket?
could you tell me how long the train ride will be?
that's all the information, about the train, that i need right now. can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food?
let's go for tandoori palace. i need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on wednesday.
was it booked for 2 people?
fantastic. that is all.
i'm needing a place to dine. it needs to be an expensive brazilian place.
british food, then.
all right, i'll try that. i need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on thursday.
no that was all i needed, thanks so much, goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.
i would like italian food.
i don't care.
yes, also i will need their address.
yes, please give me their number.
no, thanks. i'll head to nandos now. goodbye.
i'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves british food.
what is the price range? it needs to be moderate.
i'd like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on friday, please.
yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate british food.
sounds wonderful, thank you for your help. that is all i need. bye.
i am looking for a place to stay. can you help me out?
in the east and must be a hotel
that would be fine.
yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from friday.
yes, i'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. can you find one?
definitely italian, curry gives me gas.
that sounds great. thanks.
i do not need a reservation right now.
that's all i needed tonight. thanks for the help.
hi, i am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.
the hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. it doesn't need to have free parking, though.
if there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.
there will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting sunday.
would it be possible to book this for one night?
yes, i also need a train to birmingham new street.
i would like to depart from cambridge on monday.
yes please, for the same 3 people. and can i have the reference number?
no, that'll be all. thank you so much for all of your help!
i'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.
i would like it to be in the west
that sounds like it will work. can i book that for 3 nights starting wednesday?
i also am looking for somewhere to get afternoon tea.
let's try a chinese restaurant instead.
no i'm not too picky. you can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at 15:45
that's all for today! thanks a ton. bye!
i am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food.
any area of town would be fine.
how about european food?
european, please.
no i do not
can i have the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye
i would like to visit some colleges or universities in cambridge. can you make some recommendations?
could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for churchill college?
yes please. i need a place to crash. i'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.
what is the address and post code?
does that hotel include free wifi?
great that's all i need for now. thank you so much.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the west and cheap
i'm not sure yet. does it have free parking?
ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. i'll need it from monday please.
yes, i need a train on tuesday going to birmingham new street. can you find me one?
the train should arrive by 14:15
i'm looking for a train for my trip to cambridge. i need it to leave on monday and to depart from peterborough. can you give me some times?
i want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.
how long is the travel time. my math is not the best.
i am also looking for a hotel called archway house.
i need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on monday.
no thank you. that's it.
thanks, you too.
hi there, i've just started planning my trip. can you help me find a restaurant?
i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
i'm sorry, i just thought of a restaurant i had forgotten about. i would like to dine at a particular restaurant called shiraz restaurant.
i also need a train ticket.
i'll be heading to the airport on friday after finishing up sightseeing here.
oh perfect! can i have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on thursday
alright, would you like to continue finding a train?
i want one that gets there by 16:00
can you please confirm the travel time?
ok, thanks for everything.
i don't need anything else.
thank you for your help.
i am looking for king's college.
thank you!
yes. do you know what their entrance fee is? also, i need some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre area.
i don't have a price range preference.
yes please. i would like the reservation for thursday at 15:00 for 2 people.
i also need a taxi to travel between king's college and the restaurant.
that was all i needed, thank you.
i need to take a train from cambridge to london kings cross, it would need to be after 10.
on friday after 10.
yes, that will be great. how much does a ticket cost?
can you also give me the travel time?
thanks! can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the north area of town?
no i want to stay in that area. what other hotel accomadations are in the area?
can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
thank you! that is all.
i need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.
what about an expensive, 4 star hotel?
does either one have free parking?
i guess the centre. can you reserve 2 nights starting saturday? there are 8 of us.
yes. is either one available for just one night?
thank you, that is all i need. toodles.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.
i'd like free parking.
i don't really have a preference for area. but i would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. and i would love free parking.
i need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting sunday.
how about the ashley hotel?
i am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday. i need to leave after 19:30.
yes, please make a booking for my group. we'll all be traveling together.
thank you that is all i needed today.
i am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.
no, what would you recommend?
i would like the phone number and the post code please.
i need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. does not need to include internet.
no thank you. i just needed the information. that's all i need.
i am looking for a train that leaves cambridge going to leicester arriving by 16:15
yes, i'd like to leave on monday, going to cambridge from leicester.
could i have the travel time and price for that particular train?
okay, i also need a chinese restaurant in the centre, please.
i'm looking for something in the expensive price range.
yes, a table for 1 at 20:30. but could you check the train again? i need to leave from liecester, not arrive there.
okay. sorry for the mix-up. thanks for checking.
yes, that would be great. thank you.
no you have been a great help, thanks.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.
is it a guesthouse?
yes, i definitely want a guesthouse.
the area doesn't matter as long as i can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting friday
i would prefer at least three stars, please.
i am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting friday.
yes, please. can i get the reference number, please?
i would like to book a taxi to commute
well i suppose i should choose a restaurant first. do you know of a seafood restaurant on the west side of town?
i'd like to find a restaurant that serve italian food and book a table for everybody at 14:45 the day i leave
no, i need the same time. are there other italian restaruants on the west side?
let's go with the moderate price. can you please make the reservation for 8 people?
can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on friday?
can you help me book a taxi from rosa's b&b to the restaurant that will get me there by 14:45 when my table is ready?
no, that should be it. thanks.
i'm looking for a place to eat tonight.
greek sounds good, and price is no issue for me- i want the very best.
i would like the north please.
no, i would like to dine in the north, but can you search for european food instead?
that sounds great would you be able to book that for me?
please book a table for 7 people, for 19:45, this sunday.
i am also looking for a particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast.
what is the postcode?
thank you. i will also need a taxi to commute between the two locations.
thanks for the help, goodbye!
i am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the east. what is available?
no, that sounds like just what i need. thanks for your help and have a great day. bye.
thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in moderate price range.
i wanted traditional food. if that's not available i'll try italian.
i'm sorry, i said italian but i really wanted indian food.
i would like curry prince. it sounds interesting.
no reservation thanks, my plans are still in the works. could i have the postcode and address though?
thank you, that's everything i need for now.
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants. can you help me choose one?
i would love to find a good british place in the centre of town.
i'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
please make a booking for 7 people at 18:15 on tuesday.
i am also looking for some places to go around the restaurant. any recommendations?
what do you have near the restaurant?
alright, please tell me the phone number and address there, as well as the entrance fee
great, that's very helpful. thank you.
that is everything that i need.
can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food?
how about indian food instead?
what are the price ranges of the two available restaurants?
tell me the address of the moderately priced one.
what is the phone number?
no thank you, goodbye
i am looking for a place that serves african food. i don't care about the price range.
it doesn't matter. what suggestions do you have?
please provide me with the address and phone number to bedouin.
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a cheap caribbean restaurant to eat at.
how about an italian restaurant?
the area doesn't matter to me. it just has to be cheap.
yes. book for 1 person on tuesday at 16:45.
thanks i also need a guesthouse that has free internet.
no, that doesn't matter.
actually, i do need the hotel to be in the north. i'd also like it to be cheap.
yes, please! i need a room there. same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 4 nights.
i also need a taxi to get there please.
no, from worth house to the restaurant, please.
thanks, that is all.
i want a place to stay
yes, i'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in a moderate price range. i do need free parking, too.
no but i need internet.
can you tell me the name of the one that is in the west, because i am also looking for something to do in the west.
not right now. can you help me find something to do in the west area?
i'm not sure.. can you recommend something?
no thank you. i just wanted to know what things there were to do. visiting a a college sounds like fun. thanks for all your help today.
no, i am all set. thanks for your help. bye.
i'm looking for a place to stay. a 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget
yes, could you book me a room there please?
actually, can i have the hotel type, phone number, and address instead?
thanks! i've also heard great things about a restaurant called anatolia. what can you tell me about them?
that sounds perfect. can you book me a table there for 3 at 14:45 on friday?
thank you so much!
i'm trying to find an irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining. i expect this to be expensive, can you give me some options?
any european restaurants? cost doesnt matter.
can you recommend me one that's expensive? and book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on tuesday. thanks!
thank you so much. have a great day!
nope. got everything i need.
can you let me know if cambridge has any restaurants that serve australian cuisine and are priced expensively?
not even in the centre of town?
sure, let's try mediterranean, please?
no but what is the address and phone number?
thanks. i also need to get a hotel with free wifi.
same price range as the restaurant please.
yes, that would be great. i'll need it for friday, 3 nights, and 3 people, please?
friday if possible. let me get reference number
great, that's all i need thanks
no, my friends have a car.
i need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.
is there a museum then?
yes, thank you. the address for any on that you recommend.
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
does it have free wifi?
yes, for seven people. we want to check in on sunday and stay for two nights.
alright, how about a single night stay? would that work?
hello! i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern global food.
well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try italian.
centre of town please. i need to book a table for 7 people at 17:45 on thuesday.
zizzi cambridge sounds good, can you book that please?
when you're done working on it please give me a reference number for my records
i need a table for 7 people at 17:45 on thursday.
i need a place to go in the south.
are there any multiple sports arenas?
i'm looking for a train that leaves on friday
i am traveling from kings lynn to cambridge.
arrive by 10:45.
yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.
yes, i am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi.
what's the name of the one in the south?
what is its address?
no, that should be all. thank you!
i'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.
are these places in the moderate price range?
well i really need something on the west side. what about moderately priced indian food?
sure. can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday? i'll need the reference number please.
can you also help me find an attraction called tenpin?
yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?
yeah, and i would also like a taxi to get to the meghna from the tenpin by the reservation time, 12:30. i will need the contact number and car type.
i just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.
no, you have been very helpful. thank you for everything.
while in cambridge i need a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves spanish food.
yes i would like the address and phone number, thanks for your help!
i just want to confirm. this place has free wifi as well as being 3 star, correct?
actually, i'd like to confirm that la tasca is a 3-star restaurant.
wait please you haven't answered my question.
ok, can you find me a place to stay? with a 3-star rating, free wifi, and a moderate price range?
it doesn't matter to me. do any of them have free parking?
which one is in the north area and give me the phone number, please.
thank you for the information. that is all i needed for now. have a nice day.
hi there. i am looking for some information on places to go in town.
the attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of college. make sure you get phone number and postcode.
yes, i'd like to find a good restaurant please. i'm in the mood for indian food and money is no object.
i'm not ready to book a table yet. can i get the address including postcode, please?
great i also need a taxi that will help me commute between the two places.
i want to leave the attraction by 15:00
great, thanks very much!
that is all, thanks.
please book dinner reservations for five people on saturday at the india house restaurant.
really? i need at table at 14:00 wednesday for 4 people.
what about a booking for sunday?
can you book sunday as well like i asked please?
same time please.
sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for monday now please?
thanks. i'm also looking for an expensive 3 star hotel. i'd like it to have free wifi and parking.
either is fine as long as it has free parking and expensive price range. i will need the postcode as well.
i am looking for information on the warkworth house.
i need a reservation at the warkworth house for 4 nights. just one person, starting on tuesday.
is there another hotel available that is in the same price range?
perfect. could you make the same booking for me?
thank you so much for all your help!
i know we will. thanks so much. good-bye.
on saturday i need a train that will arrive by 21:45.
i will be leaving from ely and going to london.
either one is fine with me.
yes i'm sure. i need to book that for 5 people.
i want a train departing from cambridge, going to ely. saturday, arrival by 21:45.
that's a good time. please book tr7349 for 5 people, please.
i am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.
yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.
great! may i please have the phone number and postcode?
i got it.thank you.
i'm looking to go to cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the east.
price doesn't matter. what is your favorite?
thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on saturday.
great, thanks! can you help me with train schedules too? i need to travel on the same day from bishops stortford.
does that train head to cambridge?
yes please. book it for saturday for 5 people as well.
no that is all you done a great job thank you.
i would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. what are my choices?
i would like austrian actually.
how about vietnamese food?
yes, that would be great. my party will consist of 7 people and i would like to book for 12:45 on thursday.
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on friday going to ely.
i want to leave in time enough to get to the restaurant on time
i need to arrive by 18:45 on friday.
yes please, for seven people
i think that covers everything. thanks for your assistance today, you've been so helpful!
i am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers african food. what is their number?
i do not care about the area of town.
that sounds good, what is their number so that i can ring them?
great! thank you. good bye.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in cambridge that serves tuscan food.
is there anything tuscan in the centre of town?
how about mediterranean food?
can i have the postcode, address, and phone number, please?
thanks for the restaurant, i also need to take train departing from leicester that will arrive by 15:15.
i want to leave on wednesday.
i am still thinking about it.
i don't think i will book just yet but can you give me the travel time for tr8392 please?
that is all for now. if i change my mind in booking, i will call you back. thank you.
you as well.
i am looking for information in cambridge, looking for a train
i am headed into cambridge from leicester.
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you
i also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.
yes expensive korean food.
yes, please book a table.
for 2 peopl at 18:15 on sunday
no. that is all for today. thank you.
i've got to run so i'm not late for work. thanks. goodbye.
hello! i'm looking for a train that will leave on tuesday and arrive by 18:45, can you help me?
i will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.
yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?
thanks. i'm also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.
i would like more information about the one in the south please.
could i have the reference number,
my preferred dining time is 15:15, for a party of 5.
tuesday same day as the booked train.
yes, could you try and secure a 14:15 reservation perhaps?
i am, thank you.
thank you so much. you have been very helpful.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the west, and i'll need wifi while i am there
perfect, thank you. that's all i need for now.
i appreciate your time. goodbye.
i need a place to stay in cambridge that includes free wifi. i don't need free parking.
is it in the west? what is the price range?
i'm open to it, and i suppose the centre will do. but i'd prefer the west side if there is one.
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday?
yes i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at birmingham new street.
i will be leaving on wednesday after 14:30.
yes. please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number
that is all for now. thank you
i need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.
i don't have a name in mind but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi.
i'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 3 star rating.
can you book hamilton lodge for me please?
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting sunday
i'm also looking for places to go in town
i would like the info to the funk fun house please?
do they charge entrance fee?
you already gave me the phone number thanks, i'm supposed to get the entrance fee though, my boss insists on it.
i am looking for a college type of attraction. is there any?
i am looking for something in the west.
thanks. may i also have the phone number, please.
i need a taxi to the hotel, please.
i woule like to leave the hotel at 7:00.
i will be leaving the hotel, please.
i"m looking for a hotel in the east.
what is the price range and is there internet?
i need it to have four stars and free parking.
is there a guesthouse that would be available with that criteria?
i don't have a price preference. which guesthouse do you recommend?
yes book it with reference number
the day that i arrive is flexible.
i will arrive on wednesday.
we will be there for 4 nights.
4 of us will be staying. please give me the reference number for this booking.
can you tell me about nightclubs in the centre area?
as i mentioned before, can you tell me about a good nightclub?
can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please
now i'll need a taxi to pick me up at 15:00 from ballare and take me to the hotel
may i have the contact number for the taxi, please?
that will be all. thank you for your help.
i would like to visit a college in the centre of town.
thank you very much for your help.
yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the centre of town?
yeah, i'd like someplace with free wifi, please.
i need the postcode too.
i also need to take a taxi between the college and the guesthouse. can you help me with that?
i want to leave christ's college by 6:30.
can you tell me the contact number for the taxi please?
yes it is, thank you for your help.
i would like to leave cambridge on sunday. can you check on trains for me?
i would like to go to bishops stortford.
i would like to arrive by 18:15.
i'd like the earliest and need the train id and travel time please. i'm also looking for an expensive indian restaurant, what options are there?
not a specific area, just enough for the restaurant to hold 7 people.
yes, that would be great. can you book me a table for 7 people on sunday at 13:00?
that's all. thanks!
i'm looking for a train, actually. i need to go to broxbourne on tuesday after 10:15.
no, not particularly. sooner the better, i suppose.
ok. what is the travel time? when does the train arrive?
how long is the train ride?
sure, why not? thank you.
great, thank you! that is all i need today.
i need to find a really cheap hotel can you help me find one?
i need to find a hotel in the west that has free wifi and located in the west please.
yes, can you book that for friday for 3 nights?
there will be 5 of us.
i am also looking for a cheap, italian restaurant near the hotel.
can i please get the address for it?
no, but i do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by 19:00.
no, that's all. thanks so much! bye!
i was told about a great place to eat called the copper kettle.
what kind of food do they serve?
yes, i would like a reservation for 4, please. i would also like a place to stay.
oh, sorry. 17:15 on friday.
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of a hotel.
how about a star of 3, then?
no i need something cheap really do
no. then find me a taxi
i need to be picked up at 17:00 from ely.
i need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. i have my restaurant reservation, but i still need to find a 2-star hotel in the south.
if there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 3 star hotel will do.
that would be great. can you get me the postcode for the hotel, please?
can i please book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant?
no i think that just about covers it, thanks
yes, could you give me some suggestions on places to go to in the centre of town?
that's all i need thanks.
oh wait, i was also looking for a particular restaurant, by the name of the royal standard.
yes. a table for one on tuesday at 19:30, please.
could you try something for 18:30?
thank you so much. that's all i need for today!
i'm trying to plan a trip there. i need to find a cheap restaurant.
no, i would like an italian place in the centre.
ask sounds good. what's the postcode?
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at ely by 17:15.
before i book anything can you give me the price?
how long does the train take to get to ely? and when, precisely, does it leave?
before i book anything, what is the price?
thank you, please book me.
just one ticket, please!
thanks for your help
i think that is all i need for today. thank you.
i'm looking for a place to eat, maybe austrian food.
hmm i guess i could try british food instead
moderate price range would be great.
no, the area does not matter. i need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on friday. if that time doesn't work then 11:15. i also need the reference number.
do they have a table available on friday at 12:15?
no, that's it. thanks for all your help today. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food.
are they located in the cetre?
yes, please try for sunday at 19:00 for 2 people.
thanks so much. that's all i needed. goodbye.
i am looking for basque food, in the centre of town.
any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range?
do any of them serve italian cuisine?
caffe uno sounds good. could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday?
how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
no that will be all. thanks for your help.
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive new zealand food and is in the center area.
no i really wanted an expensive place in centre that serves new zealand cuisine.
how about chinese food? still expensive, still in the center.
i would like a table for 2 at 13:45 monday.
could you try one of those different places? i really need that day and time.
how about on wednesday, the same time for 2?
i'm also needing a train that departs from norwich and goes to cambridge.
i need the train to arrive by 10:45 and should be on the same day as the restaurant booking.
thank you so much! goodbye.
can you help find a theatre in the centre of town?
great, how much is admission?
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a star of 4
i would like to stay in the north.
i'd like a 4 star in the cheap price range please.
yes is it a guesthouse?
i need the phone number for the hotel please.
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the adc theatre. i want to leave the hotel by 20:15.
thank you that is all i needed.
is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town?
how about one serving mediterranean food?
that sounds good. what is their phone number and postcode?
thank you!
thank you goodbye.
i am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when i arrive in cambridge.
i can stay anywhere but i need the place to be expensive and have free wifi included.
okay, book the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting with sunday. there will be 7 guests.
yes, i am looking for museums to visit in town. do you have any recommendations?
great, would you be able to give me the address and phone number?
thanks. now i'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 15:15 and take me to gonville hotel. please give me contact number and car type.
yes, that's it for me. thank you! bye!
hello, i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the south area. can you help me with that please?
are any a guesthouse?
no i just need you to recommend one for me.
i don't need you to book it, i just need the phone number and post code please.
thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. can you recommend one?
please book the restaurant and i also need a taxi.
there will be 6 of us. we'd like 12:15 on saturday please.
i'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 12:15.
thanks. that is all for now.
food type, book a hotel, buy a train ticket ...
i need a train. the train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday.
norwich and i need to leave after 16:30
thanks. i can look for that one later when i book. i'm also looking for a restaurant called the shiraz.
thank you that is all i need for now.
hello, i am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town.
how about thai food?
i don't care.
can i get the address and phone number, please?
thank you, goodbye
i'm looking for a restaurant called loch fyne. can you tell me a bit about it?
yes for 8 people at 19:00 on tuesday
thank you for the booking. i am also interested in local artists. are there any museums in the centre of town?
can i get their phone number to contact them please?
great, do you have any other museums in that part of town as well?
can you please recommend one and provide the phone number
thank you for the information, that's all i need today.
i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
ok, then. i'll take mexican. can i get an address and phone number for the restaurant?
thank you, goodbye!
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
i would like to be in the south and i prefer a guesthouse.
price does not matter as long as they have 3 stars.
no,let me check around,i will call back.
i need a hotel in the north
it should be a hotel. i don't care if it has parking.
please pick one for me. the wife just "politely requested" that we change our mind on the parking, can you pick one that includes free parking?
yes please. i'll need it booked for saturday, for 4 nights, and 3 people.
my wife and i thank you. that would be it
umm you too, as much as i have enjoyed the chat, i think this is the end of the dialogue.
i am traveling to cambridge and am looking for the restaurant called da vinci pizzeria.
yes, can i get the address and phone number please?
thanks! i also need a train that should leave after 17:45 on sunday
i am in peterborough and i need to go to cambridge
yes, thank you, i just need the price.
that's all i need.
i would like to visit an attraction the has multiple sports.
what is the entrance fee?
i also would like to find turkish restaurant in the center of town.
i don't care about the price range. will you please book me a table for 3 people at 17:15 on wednesday at one of the restaurants?
no thank you that is all.
thats everything i needed thanks for the help!
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer to stay in the north at a 3 star location.
neither of those matter, but i would like it to be a guesthouse. do one of those match?
i'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting monday. i need the reference number as well.
yes, i need a train to get me to cambridge on monday.
i will be departing from peterborough.
i need to get there by 20:45.
no, i don't need assistance with the booking. can you tell me the cost of the ticket though?
no, that's everything. thank you.
i am looking for a train leaving cambridge heading to leicester
i would like to leave on tuesday, please.
yes. i would prefer to arrive as close to before 21:30 as possible.
no, i don't want to book it. could i get the departure time, though?
thank you very much, could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for somewhere in the south and it needs to have free parking.
i don't but the hotel doesn't need to include internet.
that would be great. i'll need it booked for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday. will you provide me with the conformation number when that is complete?
thank you so much. that was all i needed today.
i'm looking for a train leaving on sunday that is going to cambridge.
i want to depart from london kings cross after 13:30.
no, i would like to book at a later time, but can i please get the train id?
i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like the hotel to have free parking and free wifi.
yes, i would like a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.
el shaddai sounds fine. i need to reserve it for two adults for two nights, please.
sunday. could you please send me the reference number?
how about just one night instead? may i have the reference number please?
no that's all, thanks!
can you help me find and expensive thai restaurant?
that would be great. i need a table on sunday at 15:45 for 6 people, please.
thank you. i think that's all i need today, goodbye.
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the west.
what is it address and how do i get there?
i would prefer to take a taxi. id like one to pick me up around 1 pm.
never mind, i don't need a taxi. i actually need a hotel.
i'm looking for aylesbray lodge guest house. i'll be staying on wednesday.
yes, please. can you make a reservation for wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights?
no, you have been most helpful. i look forward to visiting. thank you so much.
i'm looking to find a place to stay in cambridge, if you could help me?
i'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.
can i get the phone numbers please?
i also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the south
no thank you. this is all the information i need at this time.
i am looking for places to go in cambridge.
i'm looking for a college. will you please give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?
now i need to find a restaurant in the centre of town that is cheap.
the restaurant should serve greek food.
how about mediterranean?
no, but i would like to have the address and postcode.
excellent! thank you so much for the help!
no, i have everything i need.
i need help with a train to cambridge.
i want to leave from birminham new street on thursday.
yes, i need to leave birmingham after 18:30.
anytime after 18:30 will be fine, it doesn't have to be at that exact time.
i would like to make reservations for 5 people.
thanks! i'm also looking for a chinese restaurant in the centre.
um... no, not really.
yes! what place would you recommend?
yes please. for 5 people on thursday at 21:00. can i get the reference number after you book it?
thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included
no, but i do prefer a guesthouse.
can you tell me which one is your favorite, and let me know the price range and address for that one?
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the east area.
i would like something moderately priced please.
pick one for me. i want to book it for myself on friday at 16:15.
perfect, that is all that i need. thank you so much for your help!
no, thank you!
hello, can you help with my planning? i am looking for a place to stay.
i'll be staying in northern cambridge.
it should be in the moderate price range, please.
the star rating doesn't matter but i do need free parking.
okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
i'm also looking for a museum located in the east.
okay, may i have the phone number of one of the free museums. whichever one you recommend will be fine.
thank you. you've been a lot of help. i need to take off now. goodbye.
i would like to go to a park in the south.
could you get me the phone number to the wandlebury country park?
i'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is in the cheap price range. can you find something?
i would like a four star hotel please.
yes, book please and i need a reference number
it'll be 7 people and 3 nights beginning tuesday. please remember to give me the reference number.
is there any hotel available for you to book?
yes, thank you! that will work.
no that will be all thanks so much for all of the help.
i want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
is that because there are no options without internet? i can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but i do need free parking.
it doesn't matter. i'd like 4 stars though.
sure. what is the hotel type and address please?
no thank you. i also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from cambridge.
i will be departing on thursday in the afternoon and heading to ely.
i'm sorry, i am actually leaving on wednesday and going to london liverpool street.
what is the travel time and price?
what is the price of the train?
have a nice day.
i need a hotel and i need free wifi and parking.
a guesthouse in the north will be fine.
no, that should be it. can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?
i am looking for a restaurant called cocum.
i'd like a reservation, please. i'd need it for monday, 14:00, and for one person. i'll need the reference number.
thank you. i am also looking for a particular hotel. it's called home from home.
yes, please. just me, same day as the restaurant, and i'll be staying 3 nights.
that's all i need for today. thanks!
what's the address of leverton house?
am looking for information about leverton hotel
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a museum.
what's the one with the 5 pound entrance fee?
okay, can you book a taxi to get me there?
hi, i'm looking for a train that departs on wednesday from cambridge.
i would like to go to kings lynn and leave after 13:00.
no, but can you tell me the price, arrival time, and travel time please?
great. i also need a place to stay that is expensive in the west area.
no i won't be booking today.
no thank you tahtys all i neeed to know
i'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a boat.
i like the cambridge punter better. can you give the phone number and postcode for them? thanks
thank you. i would also like a restaurant in the same area as cambridge punter.
i would like an italian restaurant that is expensive. i would like to book the restaurant for two people at 11:45 on monday. may i have the reference number also?
like i told you before, i would also like a restaurant in the same area as cambridge punter.
thanks a lot. i appreciate it. that's all i need. bye!
im in the west side of town, are there any pools on the westside?
okay, how about a museum, then?
yes, please provide the address.
is there an entrance fee?
excellent. can i have their address?
yes please, i'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the south, with free parking.
i don't, pick the best one. please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from monday.
i would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places. i want to leave the hotel by 20:15 please.
no thank you that will be all
i'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.
there is no particular one that i have in mind. can you give me the information for one? i would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.
i need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range
i would like for it to be in the centre area as well. it doesn't have to have free parking.
how about a moderately priced hotel in the area?
yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting sunday. may i have a reference number?
yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?
i do need a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave castle galleries museum by 9:30.
perfect, that is all that i needed. thank you for all of your help!
thank you, bye bye now.
i am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip. are there any colleges in the centre of town?
the entrance fee is fine. can i get their address and postcode, please?
i am also looking for a hotel with a star of 3 and includes free parking.
i would also like it to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
sure, could you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
great. thanks for all the help!
yes, thanks. have a wonderful morning! goodbye.
hello, i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?
i just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.
i think i would prefer the hobsons house. can i get the postcode and phone number?
not at this time. i am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.
the train should leave after 13:45.
i'm heading to leicester.
yes, i'd like to make the booking for 8 people.
thank you for your help
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.
hmm... are there any other options available for cheap in the south side?
phone number please
what is the postcode?
thank you goodbye.
i need to book a train from cambridge to stevenage.
i am leaving on tuesday, and would like to arrive by 8:30.
departure time is flexible, but mid-day would be nice.
yes please, the tr6009 sounds good.
just one please.
yes. i would like a guesthouse with free wifi, please.
thanks! i need a 0-star place.
can you tell me if either of these have free parking?
i don't care.
i don't need rooms reserved at this time. that was actually all the information i need today. thanks for your help.
can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?
i'm looking for the express by holiday inn.
thank you! please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on friday.
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant called the rice boat.
could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at 17:30?
thanks, i also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant. can you help?
okay great thank you.
have you heard of saint barnabas press gallery?
may i have the address and area please ?
i'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
the hotel should be in the moderate price range
that sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? we are checking in monday and staying 4 nights.
great, thank you. i think that is all i will be needing. take care. bye.
i want to know about the cambridge and county folk museum
no but i do need the address please.
great! i also need a moderately priced hotel that is in the east. can you help?
free wifi would be great. i don't care about the parking.
are any of them a 4 star?
yes, please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.
yes, that sounds great. can i please have the reference number as well?
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
great! can i have their address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a boat in town.
it doesn't really matter. can you recommend one?
sounds good. what is their postcode number as well as their phone number?
can you look up information for a hotel called acorn guest house?
that sounds perfect. would you please book a room for two starting on thursday?
actually, lets not book a room yet. can you tell me if they have internet? also the address and the area of town it is located in.
wonderful, thank you. i think that's all i need.
no thank you. i think that i am good for now.
no, that is all for now. thank you!
can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that i can stay at?
i do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the cheap price range, but those are my only requirements. which one is your favorite?
i would just like to know what the postcode is and whether or not they offer internet.
excellent! i've also heard great things about the tang chinese restaurant. what can you tell me about them?
yes, please book a table at tang chinese for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday.
nope, that's it for now. thanks very much for your help!
i am visiting in the northern area of town. i need to find me a place to stay for the night. can you help?
i'd like it to have free parking and free wifi.
is the arbury lodge moderately priced? if so, i would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on saturday.
alright, can you try for just one night?
no, that should do it. thanks so much for your help!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant. can you help me?
i'd like a place in the centre, please.
could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum? looking for place to go after meal in same area?
hi, i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
i would like to try some japanese, do you have anything matching that?
how about mexican food?
yes, please. can you reserve me a table for tuesday for 8 people at 15:15?
no that was all i needed. thanks so much for the help.
i would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food.
what is the phone number?
thank you very much, bye
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
no, not that one. i'd like to know if there's anything else please.
i would like to know the address and phone number of pipasha restaurant and the type of food they serve
thanks for the info!
i want to take a train from stevenage to cambridge.
i would like to leave on monday and arrive in cambridge by 12:45.
departure time isn't important as long as i can get there by 12:45.
i don't need to purchase tickets today, but can you tell me the train id and the total travel time to get me there?
what is the price of a ticket, please?
thanks. now can you look up a welsh food restaurant that is expensive and in the centre?
oh darn it! how about... maybe korean food? still in the centre, and they need to be able to seat 7 people.
i would like it on monday at 18:15.
can you please try again?
thanks, that's all i needed today!
hey! i'm coming into town and i need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town.
not at this time. i'll talk it over with my wife. can you just give me the name of the moderate one?
okay, how many stars do they have?
that sounds good. thank you.
no, we're going to talk it over and reserve at a later date. thanks for your help though.
no, that's all.
i would like information about the express by holiday inn in cambridge, please.
yes please, could you advise on the price per night for the room?
can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on wednesday for 4 nights?
yes i need a train on sunday after 19:00 from cambridge to london liverpool street.
i just need one.i also would like to know the cost, arrival time and id of the train.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i'm looking for some information on a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.
nope, that is all the information i needed!
yes i need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the east side of town.
yes, are there any 4-star places that are cheap?
great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights? i'll need it from thursday.
i am planning my trip to cambridge and need a train leaving peterborough after 21:45.
that won't work for me. when does the next one leave on tuesday?
yes that time works. please book it. what is the train id?
i don't feel comfortable giving that to you. i'll book on my own. can you just give me info on a place to stay?
i need a room. do not need wifi or parking.
yes and can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i don't need reservations i just need the address and price range.
thank you that will be all!
i would like a train going to stansted airport.
i am departing cambridge tuesday
i would like to leave after 20:15.
thank you. can also provide the train id?
no thanks can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
i'm up for an adventure, can you pick a good one for me?
no but i would like the postcode and the phone number.
that is all, thank you very much.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i have heard of gastropub food but never tried it before. would you have anything like that in the east?
sure can you book a table for 4 at 14:45 on friday?
yes, i need to book a train to cambridge on that same day.
i'm departing from kings lynn. i'll need to arrive by 9:15.
yeah that works. can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 4 people?
no that will be all. thank you.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. what is the address?
any type of food is fine, just need to know where it is located.
no, thank you.
goodbye.
what do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?
yes i would like it to be moderately priced. thank you.
please provide a recommendation.
i think that would be great. may i please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from friday for 1 person?
can you also look up the sitar tandoori restaurant?
i need reservations for the same group of people at 17:00 on the same day.
great. you are so helpful. one more thing, i need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time
i meant to say i need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.
can i have the contact number and car type?
great! thank you so much!
hello, i can't wait to try some local restaurants when i travel there next week. i could use some help with places to go in town though.
actually, is there a place in town that offers nice architecture to see?
i want a place that has latin food.
how about some vietnamese food in the west then?
yes, i would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 16:00 on friday. i've also got another question when you're done with that. thank you.
you must be a mind reader, my question was the reference number! thank you
i would like a cab to and from both places please make sure it is on time so i don't miss my reservation, contact # & car type
i will be leaving from the restaurant.
my apologies! my wife loves architecture and insisted i find a place, glad i didn't forget. any area's fine, but what about the same as the restaurant?
i'd like a place to go to in the category of architecture, preferably free.
that sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. i'll need to arrive by 16:00 for my reservation.
thank you so much. that's all i will need today.
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from stansted airport.
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by 8:30 on wednesday.
i need to depart whichever train gets me to cambridge closest to 08:30 am.
yes and i need a reference number please thank you
nevermind. i'm going to just purchase my ticket at the station. can you check for swedish restaurant for me?
how about one with italian food?
sounds like a plan. can you book me a table for 6 people please
it will be for wednesday, 6 people at 12:00.
thanks for your help. that is all i will be needing for today. bye.
can you tell me some info on the avalon hotel?
yes can you book it for 5 people on saturday? we need rooms for 4 nights.
i guess we could shorten it; can you try 2 nights instead?
yes i am looking for a restaurant called frankie and bennys
yes, the five of us would like to eat at 17:45 before we check in to the hotel.
book it for 30 min earlier. i need the reference number.
i also need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.
i need a taxi so that it arrives by the time of my reservation at the restaurant.
that sounds great. thank you very much.
no thank you that will be all for me, goodbye.
i was told about a beautiful college called saint catharine's. could i get some information on it?
yes, i'd like to know the postcode, please?
yeah, are there any restaurants serving italian food near the college?
i'm splurging, let's go with an expensive one!
yes, that would be great. we will be dining on saturday at 11:00. it will be 6 people.
thank you for your help.
i need a hotel to stay in cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.
i would like it to be a cheap hotel please.
how about one with free wifi?
can you tell the the area, postcode, and phone number for it?
perfect, thanks. can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers indian food?
a cheap place, please
could you find any restaurant that serves indian food
could i get their phone number?
no thanks, that is all i need. thanks so much!
what time is the next train from cambridge to glastonbury?
well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead.
i'm craving romanian food at the moment.
what about a moderately priced spanish restaurant?
i also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.
could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?
what is their entrance fee? i would also like to book a taxi.
i it to come to the restaurant and then take meto the church.
i would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 16:15.
thank you, that is all i need.
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and i'm looking for a train that leaves sunday and arrives at 5:30.
i would like the 22:40
no thanks. i will book later. but can i get the price and travel time please?
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre of town.
could you give me a recommendation?
that sounds fine. can you book me a table at 10:45 on sunday?
i only need a booking for a party of 1.
how about 09:45 instead?
how about 9:45?
nope that's all thanks!
i need to find a cheap place to eat in cambridge.
cheap world food, please.
yeah, how about a mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?
i would still like cheap please.
can you give me the postcode, please?
i also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.
how about any with 4 stars?
yes, please book me for one person. do they have internet and what is their phone number?
i do not need the hotel booked, but i do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
i would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.
no, i think that covers it all. thanks so much for your help.
thank you. have a great day!
i'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
price doesn't matter to me, but i'm looking for something in the east part of town.
i don't need parking.
please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from monday.
thank you. i am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town.
no, not really, thanks. anything is fine.
sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.
great! thank you so much for your help.
that's all i needed thank you!
good morning! i need to take a train to cambridge on tuesday.
i'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by 12:15
yes, that would be great. i would like to book a ticket for 4 people.
thanks. i am looking for an asian oriental restaurant in the centre. do you have any?
i need something moderately priced.
sounds good. can i have their address?
no, i'm just figuring out my options right now. you have been very helpful, that is all i need for today. bye.
i want somewhere fun to go in the south of town.
may i please have the phone n umber, postcode, and address for the cinema.
can you help me find a restaurant as well?
i'd like it to be expensive and to serve modern european food.
that sounds good and that is all the information i need today.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
i do not have a preference.
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.
of course!
no, thank you. that is all.
i am planning to visit cambridge soon and need schedule information.
i'm leaving from bishops stortford on thursday. i'd like to leave after 18:30.
yes, those times are good for me. would you give me the price and train id, please.
not at this time, thanks. but i would like to look for some hotel information. a friend told me to check out the avalon. what can you tell me about it?
that's ok, i won't have a car with me. can you book the avalon for 3 people for 3 nights, starting thursday?
can we try for 1 night instead of 3?
no, that is everything i needed. thank you.
hi, i'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.
i have no preference, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.
as long as it is in the centre of town, yes.
can i get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?
i would like to book the alexander bed and breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on thursday.
can you try for 1 night instead?
can you also book a taxi for me?
i'm hoping to leave from the alexander by 09:30 please.
no thanks, that's all.
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
i'd like to be in the north, and i need a place with free parking. i'd also like to keep the price to a moderate range.
no, could you make a recommendation based on that criteria and send me the postcode, address, and hotel type, please?
that's all the information i need. thank you so much for your help. bye!
i am looking for a place to eat in cambridge thats is indian with moderate pricing
no, i don't care about that.
i have no idea. which one is your favorite?
yes, please book a table for 2 on sunday at 19:45. you'll need to give me the reference number. i'm also looking for a nightclub in the center of town.
i need a cab to arrive by the booked time, can i also get the contact # and car type too please
i don't really care as long as i get to the restaurant by 19:45
i do not have it right now.
can i get club salsas phone number and address? i would like the taxi from the club to the restaurant
great. i would like a taxi from club salsa to the restaurant. i want to arrive by my reservation time.
i think that will be all. thanks so much for your help!
have yourself a great day
i am looking for a place to stay on my upcoming visit. i can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.
i am looking for a moderate priced 3 star hotel with free parking and free wifi.
get me one in the west place
yes, can you reserve a room for me. there are 7 of us and we want to stay for 4 nights arriving on sunday.
yes, i am also looking for museums to visit in the centre of town.
how about an art museum?
do you have their phone number and how much is the entrance fee?
nope, that'll be all for today. thanks so much for your assistance, you've been very helpful.
yes i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on monday, would you please help me with that?
i am travelling from peterborough. i would also like to arrive by 15:00.
book it for 6 people.
i need a place to stay too.
a four star rating,with a price range in the neighborhhood of 1000 pounds. please i would like to be in the london,england area if i may to be near the clubs.
just as long as it is located in the south.
either one works, i need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday. i'll also need a reference number.
thank you so much! goodbye
please find a place to eat that serves korean in the west.
really? it should be in the expensive price range.
i would definitely like some indian food right about now.
can you recommend one and provide me with their address?
i also need a place to go near the restaurant.
are there any museums in the area?
i like free! do you have the address so i can find it on the map?
thanks. may i also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the rice boat restaurant, before arranging for a taxi?
i would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by 9:00.
there is nothing else. that is all for today.
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge that is expensive and includes free parking.
i would prefer to stay in the western area of town. what would you have in that area?
that sounds great. could you reserve it for me. i will have 4 people and would like to reserve 4 nights beginning sunday.
could you try one night instead?
are there anythings to do in the area around the hotel?
yes please. and the fee to get in.
any night club is fine as long as it's in the west part of town.
i was really hoping for something in the west, what other attractions are available in the west area?
could i also have their postcode please?
i think that is all i need for now. thank you for all your help.
i am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
i don't know. can you make some suggestions?
a church sounds great. it doesn't matter what type church it is. will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?
can you also find me a restaurant?
reservation for 3 at 13:00 on saturday at the ugly duckling. please provide reference number. book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. phone number and car type.
at the church going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 13:00
alright thank you very much.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north.
yes if it has free parking, meals, pool and wifi. i want it to be in the expensive price range.
i am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 2 star rating, and in the moderate price range.
sounds good. can you book it for four nights starting on tuesday?
can we try it for 1 night?
yes. i need a train from ely to cambridge.
i need to be in cambridge by 21:45. could you find me close to that time?
i would like to leave on tuesday please, can i have the price and depature times also?
that is all i need. thank you.
i am wanting to find an attraction called the place. can you help me?
can you give me the postcode please?
i also need a restaurant.
i'm in the mood for some modern european food
great, is it moderately priced?
i would prefer moderate price range please.
can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the moderate price range?
sounds tasty. can you get me a reservation for saturday?
thank you. i will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by 13:15.
that is all i need.
i need a place to stay in the north of town.
moderate would work best for my budget, thanks for asking.
do they have free wifi?
can you give me the address and post code?
thank you. can you also find a an attraction called cineworld cinema?
what's their phone number?
that's all. thanks for your help. bye.
can you tell me about the entertainment type attractions in the west?
what's their postcode?
i'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b.
yes please, for 4 nights starting monday for 4 people.
no, i think that's all i need. thank you so much for all your help!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the east.
i don't need to book it. i need a 3 star in the east.
can you find something in the south?
either one is fine. i want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
thank you. yes, i think i'll be traveling by train wednesday as well. are there any trains leaving ely on that day?
yes the train should go to cambridge and should leave after 18:30.
not right now, thanks. what's the total travel time for that train, though?
i believe that's it. thanks so much for your help!
i am looking for a zero star hotel in cambridge.
is it a mid-budget hotel? i'm also looking for a hotel that's located near the centre.
does it have internet?
what is the address?
no, thanks. i will need a train to bishops stortford, though.
i would like to depart on friday from cambridge. i'd like to arrive at bishops stratford by 12:30. can you tell me a departure time please.
yes,please book for 07:29.
actually hold off on that part, i'm not sure how many tickets i need yet.
no that was all i needed for today. thanks!
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
i'm in the mood for some mexican food. is there a restaurant of that type in the center of town? if so, i'll need address and postcode.
well let's try another type of food that is moderately priced. what do you suggest?
im also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant.
could you help me find a nightclub, please?
yes, that could be great.
yes, i would also like to get a taxi too. i would like to know the contact number and car type also.
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i'd like to leave club salsa by 21:30, definitely don't want to be there when things start to get exciting!
it doesn't matter.
thank you that will be all
for sure. goodbye now.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
i'll take something chinese if you have it. i'll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend.
no, that will do it. thanks for your help. have a nice day.
i am looking for information on the hamilton lodge hotel.
yes, please, i want to book it. give me the reference number.
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on friday.
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.
is siagon city in the west? i want a restaurant in the west.
what's the address and postcode for graffiti? could you also book a taxi from the hotel at 20:15? please send me the contact number and car type.
great can i also get a taxi to take me between the hotel and restaurant?
that is everything. thank you.
thanks, i don't need anything else today.
are there any expensive places to eat in the east?
i was really looking for a kosher cuisine? is that available there? if so can you book a table for four?
are there any restaurants that serve indian food?
please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town.
i don't care about the price.
no thanks, but could i please have the postcode?
can you please tell me the phone number?
great, thanks for all your help.
nope, that covers all my needs. thanks.
i like to play sports. are there any facilities for that in the centre section?
in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.
how about at a college?
you know, actually i just remembered a place someone told me about. it's called pembroke college. is that in the centre area?
the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sport
ok, well what about a college in the centre instead?
what is the phone number for downing?
yes, i am looking for a moderately priced traditional restaurant in the same area as the college.
i said, traditional food please.
what about one with european cuisine?
you could make a recommendation please.
great, can you please book a table for 1 on friday at 13:15? can i please have the reference number?
thank you very much. that is all for now.
thank you and goodbye
i need to find a train that goes to stevenage and arrives by 17:30.
yes, i will be departing from cambridge. i also need to leave on tuesday.
yes please. may i have the departure time, train id, and price?
i just need to know how long the travel time it.
i would also like to find an expensive guesthouse.
sure check moderate for me.
sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 4 nights starting on friday?
great. that is all.
so, i need a guesthouse with free parking.
yes, i would like it to be in the south and in the moderate range please.
yes, that would be great. i would be happy with either of those options.
no thank you. could i get the postcode please?
that is all for now, thanks .
i would like to find an expensive indian restaurant in cambridge.
we are going to be on the westside, anything close by there?
yes, can you see if you can make a reservation for me for 15:45 on tuesday for 4 people?
yes, please. and i could also use some help finding something fun to do in the west as well.
tell me more about the museum.
cambridge book abd print gallery sounds wonderful. can i please have their address and phone number?
grat, cant wait to get there, ...wow. i am actually all set now, that went much faster than expected. thanks for your efficiency.
oh gosh, i'm so sorry. i must have forgotten that i need the postcode for the museum. can i get that please?
thank you so much. that is all i need today.
i need to find a modern european restaurant in the south please.
yes, please! i'd like a table for 3 on monday at 13:00, please.
no, that is all i need today. thank you for your help!
actually, i do need something else. a train home that leaves cambridge after 16:45.
i need to go to bishops stortford on tuesday.
that's perfect. can you make a reservation for 3 on that train, please?
great! i just need the reference number.
no thank you. that's it. bye!
i am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. it should leave after 18:45.
i'll need to leave on sunday.
can you tell me how long the trip will be?
what is the cost of a ticket?
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. can you tell me of a moderately priced indian place?
is there a moderately priced british restaurant then?
yes and can i get their phone number.
thank you! that is all.
ok thanks, byeeee
hi, i need a guest house to stay in, please.
i need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 3 please.
i'd like something on the north side of town.
yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and i will be staying 5 nights if that's available.
that would be fine as long as it is in the same price range
yes. would you check the west part of town please?
could you try a hotel in the west in the same price range. the star does not matter.
thank you, that's all i need today. goodbye!
i'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 2 star rating.
i need it to be in the east.
sure, i would love that.
i'm sorry, i don't actually need a reservation. but can you recommend an expensive modern european restaurant in cambridge?
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday.
yes please try the north area.
make a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday, a taxi to commute between the two places by the booked time. i need reference number, contact number and care type.
thanks. you've been very helpful.
no that will be all thank you so much.
i am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area.
is that place cheap?
ok, that's awesome. can you book me a room there for saturday for 8 people and 2 nights?
sure, how about just for one night?
great! thanks so much for your help with that.
got any fish and chip shops on the westside?
i meant british food with that.
i want one in the expensive range.
yes for 7 at 17:15 on wednesday, i'll need the reference number then too please
yeah i also need a place to stay
any area of town would be fine. i am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?
that will work. can i book that for 7 people on wednesday? we will be there for 2 nights.
thank you! i will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.
i need to be at restaurant by 17:15
thank you so much for your help.
what museum would you recommend in the east part of cambridge?
i am also looking for the limehouse hotel. do you know if they have internet?
yes, how many stars is is rated?
that's ok. i can take care of booking myself. would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for boating?
yes, what is the entrance fee?
okay. that's all i need, i guess.
i am looking for the address and phone number for the backstreet bistro please.
perfect, can you make me a reservation for 8 people on saturday please?
14:45 works for us
yes. i need to book a train on saturday that goes to cambridge.
i would like a train that departs from stevenage and arrives by 11:15.
can you give me the price, train id, and travel time for the one that arrives at 8:43?
can you confirm that this is the train that will arrive by 11:15?
is that train the same price as tr6016?
ok. that will work. thanks for your help.
no, i believe that is everything today. thank you.
i need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?
actually, are any of these 4 star rated?
sounds perfect. can you book a room for 2 nights starting sunday? there are 7 of us.
i'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the expensive range.
is there anything that serves turkish food?
no, i just need the phone number.
i need a taxi from huntingdon marriott hotel to meze bar restaurant
doesn't matter. i just need to leave the restaurant by 13:00. i will also need the contact number and car type of the taxi.
that will be all. thanks for your help!
i am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
my price range is mid to high range.
i would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 4.
all right, if there are no hotels, the guest house will do. could you give me the address and postcode, please?
not right now. can you help me find a modern european restaurant that is cheap?
sure. book it for 7 people at 11:15 on thursday.
no, that'll be all, thanks. you were a great help.
hello, i am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. i want it in the centre of town, in the cheap range.
that's great! can you see if one of them serves portuguese food, please?
yes, please. book it for 8 people on saturday 14:30.
sure how about a booking at 13:30?
yes, i am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.
yes, may i have the address and the phone number?
i will also need to book a taxi for commuting between the restaurant and museum.
i would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:30. also could you provide me with the phone number for castle galleries?
i need the contact number and car type for the taxi please.
excellent. thank you for your help.
i think i'm good, thanks!
no, that should be all. goodbye!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
that sounds like a great place to stay. thank you for your help!
yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?
i am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the west.
i have no preference, i just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
that's all i needed for today! thanks a bunch! bye!!
i need to book train tickets.
i need a train that is headed to london kings cross and i need to arrive by 20:30.
i will be leaving saturday.
i would like to leave at 16:20
yes, that would be fine. i don't need tickets, i just need the travel time, price, and train id.
thank you! i also need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. do you have any suggestions?
no but i need it for 7 people on the same day.
sure! it will be 7 people at 16:00 on saturday. please give me the reference number.
thank you for your time.
that's all i need assistance with today. thank you.
is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves scandinavian food?
yes, that is fine. please make sure it's in the centre of town.
how about british food?
yes, that sounds good, can i get their phone number?
i also want to know about taking the train down there.
yes i need to go to stansted airport from cambridge on saturday after 15:45. what are my options for this?
yes, that sounds perfect. can you tell me the price and travel time, or duration, on that one?
that should work as well! please go ahead and book!
on second thought, i will go ahead and book later. we may need more tickets for some guests we might have coming. thanks so much. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the center with a cheap price range
i would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
please recommend a restaurant. i really do not care about the food type. thank you.
i would need the phone number and food type.
yes, i also need help biking a train.
i'll be departing from cambridge and should leave on friday.
i am going to london liverpool street. i'd like to leave after 12:15.
please just tell me the ticket price and travel time
and what time will it arrive?
no, that's all. thanks so much! bye.
need a train to cambridge from bishops stortford.
will that train arrive by 15:45?
what is the price and travel time for that train?
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves german food at the moderate price range.
can you recommend a chinese restaurant since german is not available?
ok, i need a table for 2 at 18:45 on the same day please.
no, thats all i needed.
hello! i'm looking for a train. can you help?
i'll be leaving leicester on wednesday and i need to arrive in cambridge by 21:30.
yes, please book that train for 5 people.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi. can you assist me with that?
i ned it to be a hotel in the west please.
yes, i need a train leaving on saturday.
i want to leave london kings cross and head to cambridge.
i would love to arrive by 15:00
that's great! please book for 6 people. i'll need the reference number.
i'm also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the center and should be in the expensive price range.
do you have anything serving italian food?
no thank you that will be all
i would actually like to book a table at the clowns cafe that you mentioned. i need a table for 6 on saturday at 19:15.
thank you for your help. that is all for now.
no that is it. thank you.
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 08:45.
i will be departing from birmingham new street on tuesday.
no thank you. please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
yes please. i need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
i would like to stay in the centre of town please.
again, 3 star with free wifi. i don't care about the price. it has to be in the centre, though.
no, not yet. i just need the postcode.
that is all, thank you for your help today.
i'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of cambridge.
i would actually prefer some cheap lebanese food if possible?
ok, maybe we can try the vietnamese one you mentioned.
um, i think i'll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks.
nope, that is all i needed. thank you so much!
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend. i don't need internet or free parking.
the avalon sounds good. what is the address?
no, i don't need to book right now, but thanks. that's all for today. goodbye.
i'm on a tight budget so i need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food
it doesn't matter.
yes. can you reserve one for 4 people at 16:45 on sunday?
hello, can you give me some information on a train?
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.
can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
yes, i need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
it needs to have free parking.
i'm sorry, i actually need a guesthouse.
how about one in the cheap price range?
i need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina
yes for 8 people at 12:30 on monday please
is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time?
thank you for all the help you have been. you have a good day.
i'm looking for museums to visit in town. what are my options?
i have no idea. could you suggest one that sounds interesting?
can i get the phone number and address please. i also need a hotel with free parking.
near the museum if possible. i'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
no, i'm not ready to book quite yet. thanks for your help. bye.
i need a room, in the south, free wifi.
the price range and star rating is not important to me.
no, you can just pick whatever you would recommend. can you book a room for 6 people starting on saturday for 4 nights?
great. can i have the reference number for that reservation?
that is all. thank you
we will. have a good day.
you have been super helpful. good-bye.
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.
no preference in area but what is available with a 4 star rating?
can you try a guesthouse instead?
i need the address and postcode. does it have internet?
i still need the address, please.
i'm looking for places to go in town. i'd like to visit a museum. can you recommend a good one and provide the address and postcode?
any area in cambridge will be fine, thank you.
thank you. can i also have the postcode please?
thankyou so much for the information
hi! i'd like to find an expensive indian restaurant to dine at.
is curry garden in the centre?
i'm not looking for a reservation at the moment. can i just get the phone number, postcode, and address? thanks!
no, that's all i need. thanks for your help.
i'm wanting indian food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town?
thank you. i'd like to book a table for 6 people for wednesday at 18:15. also can you provide a reference number to confirm.
reference number zmzlmlr9, got it, thank you.
no, that was all. thank you for your help.
can you tell me about the carolina b&b?
yes, i need the guesthouse starting wednesday for 6 people and 3 nights.
yes please book that for me.
oh sure, try for 2 nights instead of 3.
i would also like to find a train that will arrive by 13:45 departing from cambridge.
i need to get to kings lynn on friday.
yes, i would like to book it for 6 people. please provide me with the reference number as well.
great, thank you!
no, that's all for now. goodbye.
hi, i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town.
that's not necessary. can you tell me what price range it's in?
perfect. how about the phone number and postcode?
thank you so much for your help!
nope, that's all i needed today. thanks!
it's one of my favorite places to visit. thanks. goodbye.
i would like to find a european in the moderate price range.
i don't mind but i would like the place to be moderately priced.
thank you. can you give me the phone number and postal code too?
no, thanks. i do need some information on vue cinema, please.
can i have their phone number please?
can i have a taxi, please? i want to leave vue cinema at 14:45.
we will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. we will leave vue cinema at 14:45. please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.
no, that's all i needed today. thanks for your help!
need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have russian food.
what about a turkish restaurant instead?
yes, that area's fine. can you make a reservation for 6 people on thursday at 5:30 pm with one of them?
yes, could i have the reference number as well please?
can you try 16:30?
i also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross that leaves on friday and arrives at 17:00.
yes, it would. can you book me 6 tickets for that for friday please?
no, i think that is all for today. thank you for all your help!
i want to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge please.
i will need a train leaving on thursday and arriving in cambridge by 11:30.
no, i need a train that leaves on thursday.
yes, thank you. i'm also looking for a hotel, is there any chance you can help me with that?
i want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge.
i am looking for their address, hotel type, and area please.
no thank you, thank you for your help! have a great day!
yes i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.
i do not have any preference on the food type. can i have the phone number for one of the restaurants?
no, but can you help me find some place to go, in the same area as the noodle bar?
i think i would prefer a museum to another restaurant. can you find me the address and phone number of one in the area?
that's great, i'll need to know the address, phone number and post code of broughton house gallery, please.
no, i think that'll be it. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a museum in the centre of town.
what is their address?
just the postcode would help and i also will need a place to stay.
i would like to stay in the centre are there any expensive hotels?
no thank you i just wanted to get that information.
does that hotel have free parking?
do they have free wifi?
thanks for the help. that's all i need for now.
hello there. any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town?
yes, that will be fine. could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on saturday?
thank you so much. that was all i needed today. have a good afternoon.
i want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn't need to have free internet.
i should have told you i am specifically looking for a hotel and not a guest house.
can you find a guesthouse for me?
book for 3 nights for 3 people starting sunday please.
yes, if i can get into a hotel in the north that would be best.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
yes i need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.
it can be any type, not just a hotel. i also need free wifi.
can you check again? maybe check a guesthouse?
yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.
i am also looking to eat at the gardenia.
i would like to book a table for the same group of people at 12:15 on the same day.
that's all i need for right now. thanks for the help!
what trains are available going to stevenage on wednesday?
yes, from cambridge and it should leave after 15:45 if possible.
okay, for 6 people, please.
i'd also like a place to dine. i want it to be latin american and cheap.
how about a place that serves asian oriental food?
i think i'll go with dojo nooodle bar. what is the address?
great, thank you!
that is everything i needed. thank you very much for your help.
could you find me a cheap restaurant in the centre please
is there one that serves chinese food?
rice house sounds interesting, and i need some cheap egg rolls. what postcode is that place in?
thanks - i am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city centre.
how about a college type attraction in the same area as the restaurant then?
would you recommend one?
can i get their phone number, address and postcode please?
i'd like a taxi to commute back and forth please.
i want to leave the restaurant by 17:00 please.
thanks a bunch. have a great night. take care. bye.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please.
it doesn't matter. i need to be able to seat 8 people on tuesday at 17:00.
ok great thank you. have a great day!
i need information to find the huntingdon marriott hotel.
i need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 5 nights please?
i suppose so. another hotel in the same general price range, if you can.
that was helpful! thank you goodbye.
i have a particular restaurant that i need to find please.
the restaurant is called the cambridge chop house. i would really like to make a reservation there.
six people will be dining.
on thursday at 19:30 please.
i am also looking for some where to go in the center of town.
i'm not sure. what types of museums are there?
select one and give me its entrance fee, attraction type and phone number
i'd like to get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, to get there in time for my reservation.
very good, thank you kindly, that will be all. you are dismissed.
i'm looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant.
yes, can you please check for a turkish restaurant?
may i have the address for anatolia?
thank you
hello, i would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.
are there any 0 star ratings in the west? i'm looking for a cheap hotel basically!
yes, i think that might be a good choice. can you make a booking for me?
i am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. and i want it to be cheap in the west. can you check that?
i am sorry. i would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 0 star. can we try that?
can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting tuesday? i need a reference number. looking to get modern american food in same area and price range.
i also need a restaurant. same area as the hotel please.
is there any modern american restaurant?
can you check for an italian restaurant instead?
i'm looking for a cheap place.
then i would like to make a reservation for 6 people for tuesday at 16:00.
i need some information on a train going to cambridge.
sunday. sometime after 21:00, if possible.
i am leaving from ely.
yeah, i need eight tickets.
i also need a guesthouse located in the north.
are there any with a star of 4? i'd like free parking as well if that is available.
yes info on the cheap price range
thanks, for now i just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.
yes, that's all. thanks!
i need some cheap caribbean eats somewhere.
i would like the restaurant to be in the centre.
no, i'm not in the mood for that. maybe something indian, though. are there any of those?
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on friday.
another in the same area and price.
thank you so much!
no, that will do it for now. bye.
i want to try some local restaurants. what are your recommendations?
i actually need a train frist. it needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross wednesday.
i will also need the departure time and travel time.
no thanks, but i would like to see if there are any persian restaurants in the south area of town.
do you have anything expensive?
i need one close to centre of town
yes, i would prefer the british.
no thanks, but could you give me the zipcode for the restaurant?
no. i am taken care of. thanks. bye.
can you help me find a place to stay in the north?
it does not really matter. it does not need internet or free parking.
yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from wednesday. reference number please.
awesome. are there any good indian restaurants close to the hotel?
yes, i'd like to book the nirala for wednesday for 3 people at 15:15, please.
i will also need a taxi.
i would like to go from the hotel to nirala to make sure i get there for that reservation.
thanks so much! that's everything for now. take care!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
yes, i need a train to cambridge on thursday.
i'm leaving from the new street station in birmingham
i would like to leave after 14:15
yes. could you tell me the travel time and price for that train please?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking. any area will do.
definitely a hotel.
yes, 8 people, 3 nights starting thursday. please include reference number.
thank you for your help
no, that will be all. thanks!
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern european food.
i would like one in the expensive price range please.
do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on tuesday?
is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
no thanks. thank you and goodbye.
hello, i'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.
i would prefer a 4 star hotel, are any of those three rated 4 stars?
i would like to stay in the centre part of town.
can you check the north part of town?
can you let me know if one of them has free parking, the hotel type of it, and the postcode?
which one would you recommend?
sounds good! i also need to find a college in town. can you help?
i would prefer the same area as the hotel.
sure, i'd like to explore other areas of town. any recommendations?
thanks! can i have the address and phone number please?
thank you! one last thing: i need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, please.
i'm going to leave the hotel by 19:15.
no thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
i'm looking for a cinema in the south part of town.
thank you, can i also have the postcode and phone number?
yes. i need a restaurant by the name of anatolia.
yes for 8 people at 14:15 on a saturday. i will need a reference number.
are you sure? could you possibly try again, just to make sure?
no, i wanted to reserve on saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the anatolia. can you make sure there wasn't an error?
yes, i need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to anatolia by 14:15. can you send me the contact number and car type?
that's all i need today. you've been a great help - thanks!
i'd like some information on a restaurant called kymmoy, please.
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at 12:45 on sunday. i would also like the reference number as well, thank you
thank you! would you also be able to book a train for me?
i am looking for a train going to cambridge departing from norwich.
i would like this train to be on the same day of the restaurant booking and arrive by 8:00.
i would like to know the approximate travel time and price per ticket for this particular train.
thanks. looks like that's all i need today. i appreciate your help.
hi, i need help planning a trip to cambridge. i'd like to go to the theatre while i'm in town, and i'll be in the city centre. is there one there?
that sounds great, what's their phone number?
thanks. i also need information about a specific restaurant called michaelhouse cafe. what can you tell me about it?
they serve european food then?
no, that's perfect, but i will need a taxi to go from mumford theatre, leaving by 12:00, to go to st. michael's church trinity street city.
that will be all, thank you and goodbye.
i need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the north.
i would like one in the moderate range.
i think that one works. no need to book.
yes, tell me if the archway house has free parking and please get me their postcode
can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the north?
no, i want to stay in the same area. how about a park?
yes. could i get the entrance fee and phone number please?
i also need a taxi. it should leave the hotel by 2:30 please.
that is all i needed today.
i'd like a train leaving after 11:30 from cambridge, please.
i am traveling on tuesday and going to ely.
yes that sounds good can you get me 5 tickets please?
can you get me the reference number please?
thanks! i'm also looking for a hotel named the huntingdon marriott hotel.
yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday. please book it for me.
that is all for now. thanks
what are my options for pricier hotels that include wifi free?
yes, that is fine.
nothing more, thank you!
you too :)
oh! before you go, can i get the reference number from you please? and if it's not too much of a burden, can you provide train information for us?
i need my hotel for 7 people for 5 nights staring from wednesday.
i need a train that leaves cambridge and arrives by 09:15 . how much will it cost me?
how much would it cost to travel to birmingham new street?
i'm planning on leaving on monday.
will my train arrive by 09:15 ?
what is the price for the ticket?
yes, please!
thank you for all your help! that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
the part of town does not matter but i would like a 4 star rating and free wifi.
can you confirm that it has a 4 star rating and free wifi?
i'm looking for university arms hotel
yes, i need 3 nights for 1 person starting from saturday and the reference number.
yes, i am also looking for places to go on the west side of town. can you suggest some places?
a museum would be fine. i'll just need to know the entrance fee.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places
from the hotel to the museum, leaving by 22:00.
thanks for all of your help!
where can i find the queen's college?
can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?
i'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves european food please.
the nearest one to the hotel.
actually, i don't need one near a hotel. i just need the phone number and address of an expensive one.
alright, i want you to book me a taxi from queen's college to the eraina. i'll be leaving the college at 12:00.
thank you very much. that was all i will be needing today.
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on tuesday.
i will be traveling to leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.
i would like to arrive by 21:15.
yes but i need that to be booked for 3 people. i would like the reference number please. i also need a place to stay as well.
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.
i need places to go in town
it's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the west. do you have any recommendations?
can i get their postcode and entrance fee please?
excellent. i also need a place to stay. i want a guesthouse in that area. and i'll need parking.
sounds like a match, can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 4 nights?
no that is it. thank you.
hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?
is that one in the south? that's the area i'll be in.
sure that sounds good can get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.
thanks. i also need train tickets for sunday.
i'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.
anytime after 6 would be good thank you
i need to be in cambridge by 8:45. can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? thanks.
there are six of us.
thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. have a great afternoon! bye.
i want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. i need the address, phone number, and type of food.
mexican will be fine. could i have the address and phone please?
thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for some place to go in the center of town.
sounds neat! can i have the postcode and phone number for the museum?
yes, i'm looking for a hotel called a and b guest house. can you get me information on that?
thank you! what type of hotel is that, and the address please?
thank you goodbye
hi can you suggest a good indian restaurant in cambridge? also i'd like some information on trinity college. can you help me with that?
i don't want a restaurant, sorry. i am trying to get the phone number to trinity college, can you give it to me?
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food and is in the east part of town.
what is the restaurant's phone number?
i also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
i would like to leave by 17:15.
that is all i need. thank you, good bye.
i'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.
yes can i get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
i think i'm all set. thanks!
i'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.
are there any moderate priced hotels in the north?
i need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that?
which one would you recommend?
is the ashley hotel a 3 star hotel?
that will be okay, can we book that.
i do not want to book it. i need the postcode and address only.
i'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.
yes, need a chinese food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.
it will be just me today, thanks.
no. i just need the postcode and address
thanks. sorry about that. i'd still like to request a taxi between the two.
i will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.
i need to leave the restaurant by 3:30, and i'll be going to the hotel.
thank you for your help. that is all i need today. goodbye
hi! i am attempting to find a restaurant in cambridge called traveller's rest. do you know of it?
i would like to book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on sunday. i will need the reference number as well.
great! i'm also looking for something fun to do in town. can you help me find something to do?
i am looking for something in the centre.
i am looking for an entertainment attraction preferably.
ok, how about a park in the centre. are there any?
what kind of entertainment are there in centre?
just find me a park anywhere then.
could you provide me with the address, please?
thank you! i will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
from the park to the restaurant, i would like to get there by the booked time.
no, thank you. i have everything i need at this time.
hello. i'd like a train to ely please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday. i would like to leave after 21:00.
no i don't have a specific time to arrive.
no thank you but i do need the arrival time and train id.
can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves african?
i am looking for a cinema.
yes, can i have entrance fee and address for the one in the south?
yes. i need a restaurant the is moderate priced with italian food in the west.
yes, that sounds great. make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on friday and provide the reference number.
yes, i'll need a taxi to get me from the cinema to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
thanks for the service, that's all for today.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the moderate price range.
yes i would like european food.
no, i'll try the galleria. can you book a table there for 2 at 15:30 on tuesday, and please provide me with the reference number?
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay that's in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.
a 2 star would be good. i don't care about price range.
how about guesthouses with 0 stars?
yes. please book for tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.
how about 1 day stay?
i also need a taxi to go between the two places.
no, that'll be all. thanks a lot for all your help. bye!
i need a guesthouse with a moderate price.
no, i don't have a preference. i'd like the guesthouse to have free parking though!
yes please create a booking for 6 people. it needs to be for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
no, that'll be all! thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food
portuguese, please.
yes, please. i will take the phone number and address for nandos in the south area.
thank you goodbye.
yes can you tell me something about the cow pizza kitchen and bar?
no thank you, that's all i need.
hi i am looking to get some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house
great. book me that for 2 nights starting from saturday for just myself.
how about 1 night starting from saturday?
that's all i needed. thanks.
can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range?
i'll just take the first one on the list. can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on saturday?
thank you so much!
no thank you. thank you for your help.
what are my choices for a moderate hotel? i don't need free parking.
no particular area, i need a hotel with a 4 star rating.
does it have free wifi?
great can i get their address, phone number, and postcode?
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and should serve european food.
yes, in the centre.
i would like the restaurant to be in the centre and serve european food.
i would like to make a reservation at hotel du vin and bistro.
six people on wednesday, at 17:00
thank you so much for all your help!
no that will be all.
i am looking for a hotel called warkworth house.
yes, please. i need a reservation for 5 nights starting wednesday. there will be 4 people.
can you find me another hotel in the same price range as the warkworth house?
yes thank you and the reference number
either is fine. i just need the reservation for wednesday.
thank you that is all i need.
hi, can you help me locate a hotel named city centre b and b. really looking forward to trying different restaurants.
can you please help me book that hotel for 8 people. we'll be staying for two nights starting on tuesday.
are you still there? were you able to book that? can i get a reference number please?
thank you, good bye
i need a two star room, free parking included.
no preference, either will do.
yes i need it for 5 nights from tuesday for 6 people.
yes one in the same price range.
no thank you. that will be all.
i will. have a nice day.
i need to find a train from norwich on saturday.
it doesn't matter what time i arrive, but i would like to make sure i leave norwich at or after 13:00.
when does it arrive and what is the train id?
i am also looking for polish food, in the centre of town.
how about a restaurant that serves mediterranean food?
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 2 people at 19:00 please.
yeah, i'd like a place to eat, mediterranean cuisine please.
do you have a reference number for that?
okay fantastic, that's all i need today.
hello, i'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. know of anything good?
a three star would be ok as long as it's got free parking.
ok. can you tell me if i can book a room at the bridge guest house?
do they have internet?
yes please. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the rice boat.
yes please. also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 17:30 this thursday?
i would say i'm all set, thank you!
i'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.
i'd like persian food.
okay how about chinese food?
any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?
i am also looking for a train. the train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. the train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 17:30.
that's perfect. can you book for 4 people please?
thank you. that is all the information i need.
no thank you that will be all
hi, i am looking for some train information for my trip. also, i can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
i'm leaving from birmingham new street on saturday.
i'm not sure it that option will work for me. i need the train to go to cambridge and arrive by 9:00.
yes please. i need to book for 8 people.
yes. i want to eat at an indonesian restaurant in the center area of town.
yes, let's try north american food, please?
yes, please. is there something available for 13:15 on saturday for all 8 people in my group?
thank you that will be all. bye!
hi, i am looking to go somewhere that is in the centre that is architecturally interesting.
how about an architecture attraction? are there any of those in the centre of town?
can i get the address, phone number and postcode to little st mary? also need swiss food nearby.
i don't have a price range in mind.
how about modern european food, what is available?
what else is available?
no thanks. that will be all today.
no thats all, thanks
i'm looking for an italian restaurant that is moderately priced.
could you give me the address and phone number of both please?
could i get the address as well?
i would like to book a table there for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday.
i'm looking for an expensive guesthouse with a 4 star rating which provides free parking. is that possible?
how about a moderate price range?
i'm sorry, i would prefer an expensive guesthouse that includes free parking.
how about moderate priced guesthouses that are 4 stars?
sure, please provide the address and phone number as well.
no thank you i don't need reservations today.
no. all set. thanks.
yes, i'm visiting cambridge and want to know about cambridge artworks in town?
can i please have the phone number?
i need a 4-star place to stay in the north part of town.
no, i don't really have a reference for any of those, i don't even need internet.
does it have free wifi?
yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.
how about 4 nights?
can you help me find a hotel in cambridge, preferably with free wi-fi, please?
i want it moderately priced and i don't care what part of town.
yes, i would like to book it for 6 people, 4 nights beginning on saturday.
i am also looking for somewhere fun in the centre of town.
hmm i actually have no clue. could you just recommend your favorite attraction in the centre and tell me its type and postcode please?
no, thank you. that will be all for today.
hello, i am looking for a malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.
no, how about a french restaurant instead?
phone number, please.
thanks, goodbye!
yes, i am looking for a place to stay. it should be a guest house.
i'm looking in the moderate price range and should be located in the centre.
what is available in the centre?
lets try a hotel instead.
no just the postcode and phone number will be fine. i need to find a french restaurant in the centre as well.
i need a french restaurant in the same area as well.
yes and can i get the phone number please.
thank you, that is all for today. goodbye.
sure, can you help me find a particular hotel?
i am looking for information on the worth house.
thanks. i need to know about taking a sunday train from kings cross.
yes i am looking for a hotel on the north side of town. i am not needing parking.
i need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. are either one of them fit this description?
are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?
i would like one without the internet.
let's go with ashley. book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.
i'm looking to go someplace in town. maybe for entertainment. do you have any recommendations?
that sounds funky. sure.
what's the entrance fee?
i will need a taxi to take me from the funky fun house to my hotel.
i want to leave by 01:30.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!
hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?
i would like a hotel in the north, please.
not at this time. thank you.
i am though looking for places to go in the north as well.
milton country park sounds nice, can i get their phone number and entrance fee?
thanks for the recommendations. the last thing is i need a taxi between the hotel and milton country park. can you help?
i want to leave the hotel by 14:15
i actually am all set now! thanks for being so helpful! bye now!
i am visiting cambridge soon and am looking for someplace to go to while there, can you look up attractions for me?
i'm looking to have a little fun at a nightclub.
fez club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also i want to go to expensive chinese restaurant.
it doesn't matter what area it's in and i'll be needing a table for monday.
yes, expensive please.
that would be perfect can i get a reservation for 12:30 on monday for 3 people?
how about 11:30?
thanks! i would also like a taxi between the two places.
no, thank you very much
i'm looking for attractions in town that are in the architecture category.
if you could choose your favorite and provide me the area, postcode and phone # that would be great.
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.
i'm looking for a place in the south that provides free wifi. is there anything like that?
what about free wifi and free parking?
can you give me a name of the hotel?
thank you. please confirm the number of stars and postal code for aylesbray.
thank you! that should be all. goodbye!
hi! could you please help me find a good hotel? i'd like it to be on the north end of town.
it would need to be moderately priced please.
i would like for it to be 3 stars, please.
can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?
can you also find the address for club salsa?
i actually need the postcode and phone number for club salsa.
thanks. can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? i want to leave by 5:45.
nope, that'll do it! thank you for all your help!
i'm looking for information. i need to find some places to go in town.
yes, i'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.
it should be in the south.
that should work then. can i get their address and postcode please?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the moderate price range, it also needs to have free parking.
i'll do the ashley hotel. i need a room for 5 nights starting on monday.
it's just me
yeah, like i said, it will just be me staying.
thanks, i also need a taxi to get from the hotel and the attraction.
i need to arrive by 21:45.
no that's everything for me. thank you!
hi, i want to find out about cambridge book and print gallery please.
great! what is their phone number?
i need a place to stay. i'm looking for a place with 4 stars and free parking.
i'd like an expensive 4 star guesthouse if that is possible.
yes, please. book it as soon as possible.
wednesday for 3 nights and 6 people please.
i need a place to stay.
we live in the north so something close by.
i would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking.
whatever is available, please book me for 3 people on 4 night starting monday.
i would like to stay in the moderate price range.
sure, coud you find one in the north?
could you please recommend one?
ok great. i need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
yes! i'm also looking for a nightclub in town
it does not matter but i would need the entrance fee
yes i need a taxi leaving the attraction at 21:30.
no, that is all i need today. thank you so much.
i am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi.
sure, that sounds good. can you book that for me, please?
before we continue, can you check if the acorn guest house has a star of 4 or not?
yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights starting from thursday.
no, thanks
i'm looking for a restaurant, somewhere not too expensive, but not bottom of the barrel either, something in the mid range.
i would like them to serve barbecue food.
how about gastropub food?
yes please.book for five, at 1700hrs or 1600hrs and get me the reference number
on thursday please
how about 16:00?
that is all i need for today. thanks for your extraordinary service!
can you give me some information on the alpha milton guesthouse?
book for 1 person 2 nights from tuesday
that's it, thank you!
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre. the restaurant should serve modern european food
yes please. can i get one for thursday at 17:00 for 6?
that should be it. thank you.
i need a train that leaves cambridge at 21:30
i want to go to london liverpool street
thrusday. can i also ask the price of these trains?
no thank you. i am interested in finding an expensive place to eat in the centre of town. any recommendations?
i am looking to book a table for 2 at 12:45 on thursday at a thai restaurant.
can you change the booking time to 11:45, and try again?
yes, that's everything i needed. thank you!
i am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.
do any of those offer free wifi as well?
the area does not matter to me, but i need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this sunday.
would i be able to book for two nights?
are there any nightclubs in the east side of town?
how about a museum in the east instead?
yes, may i have the phone numbers to those museums?
thanks, that's all i need today. goodbye!
i'm looking for a place to see, can you help?
i'm interested in the mumford theatre.
i am also looking for a hotel called the aylesbray lodge guest house near by.
what type of hotel is it?
do they have internet?
great. thank you for all the information. i appreciate it. i think that's it for today. thanks and goodbye.
i am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi
either one is fine. how about the south?
no thanks, just getting information. that's all i need.
actually my wife says it's better to book it. can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from monday?
fantastic! have a good day i will let you know!
where can i find the galleria restaurant?
could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on tuesday?
awesome. now please find me a train from kings lynn to cambridge
i need it for tuesday i want to arrive by 14:45.
actually i need to arrive by 11:45, sorry. what's the closest arriving to that time?
yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number
that is all for now. thank you very much.
i need a train departing from cambridge after 09:30.
i would like to go to norwich on monday.
yes please book tr8495.
i need 6 tickets for the train ride please. may i also have the reference number?
i need a hotel in norwich please.
yes, in cambridge, my mistake. i do say, all this travel is messing with my head... please find a 4 star guesthouse north of cambridge, with free parking i might add.
can you choose one of the moderately priced ones for me, please?
i'm not quite ready to book yet, could you just provide their information for me?
no, that is all i needed. thank you.
i'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
belgian food please
ok, how about chinese food then?
no, i don't need a reservation. just the phone number and post code please.
great! thanks so much.
no that is all. thanks
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves welsh food.
is there one that serves italian food?
i'd like a moderate price range, please.
i don't have an area preference, but i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on wednesday.
i am also looking for a place to go, anything with architecture.
that sounds great to me. can i get the phone number, postcode, and area please?
great! i think you've covered it all. i don't need anything else. thank you!
i am hoping you can help me with my planning. i am trying to find information on the trains.
i will be departing from stansted airport to go to cambridge on wednesday.
i would like to arrive by 13:15.
no. can you help me find a very cheap, not shabby hotel that has free parking?
itshould be in the centre
which one of them has free wifi?
book for 2 people for 2 nights from wednesday
sorry, can you actually book it for 3 people for 2 nights, please?
thank you that is all i needed.
hi, i am looking for an upscale restaurant in the centre.
i would like on that serves chinese food.
the ugly duckling sounds fine. could you reserve a table for one on wednesday at 12:00?
yes, i want to find a place to visit in the same area. are there any cinemas?
how much is the entrance fee?
that's alright, i don't need anything further. goodbye! thanks!
i would like to book a train for thursday after 20:45. can you help?
i need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.
sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? i will need the reference number, thank you.
i have heard wonderful things about the autumn house hotel. could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?
perfect thanks for such great help
could i please have the phone number for the autumn house?
no thank you. but thank you very much.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food.
is there anything else?
thank you goodbye.
i would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.
does it have 4 stars?
is there a 4 star guesthouse in the east?
can i book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?
yes, i am looking for a gastropub near the hotel.
excellent. one more thing: is that in the expensive price range?
terrific. can you book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and provide me with the reference number?
thank you i also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 11:45
great! i think that's all i need today. thank you for you help!
yes i am looking for a guesthouse that is cheap to stay in cambridge in.
does it include free parking and wifi?
yes please, i need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting sunday.
thank you. i am also looking for an indian restaurant and is located in the centre.
yes, i am looking for a cheap restaurant.
no thanks, i just need the address including post code.
great, thanks so much for your help. there's nothing more, bye!
in the west part of town, are there any upscale pricey restaurants?
i'm not picky; do you have a favorite? i'd appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address. thanks!
no, i just need the address.
great, i think that's everything i need. thank you for helping me.
nope, as i said, that's all i need.
thank you.i am looking for a guest house .i am also looking for one that is rather cheap.
the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 3.
advic me on any other option
no, how about a moderate-price guesthouse, please. try that.
can i just get the phone number instead please?
no, that is all. good bye.
hi, i want a french restaurant in the expensive price range.
could you please find me a different restaurant?
what is the phone number and postcode?
thank you goodbye.
bye.
can you recommend any colleges in the centre of town, please?
is that in the centre of town? i definitely want to visit a college in the centre.
do they have an entrance fee?
can you give me the post code?
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. free wifi, please. expensive price range. don't need free parking.
no particular price range.
ok, can you recommend one and give me the postcode and phone number.
what is the phone number?
great i also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by 11:00
i would like to go to christ's college, please.
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 8:45?
certainly. i need to travel from leicester to cambridge.
i need it for four people please.
great thank you i also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.
can you find one in the south, actually?
can you try booking at the aylesbray lodge for 2 nights, and may i have the postal code?
i actually think i will book myself later. if i could just get the postal code and if they have internet?
no that's all the info i needed. thanks for all your help
hi, i'm looking for a basque restaurant in the west part of town.
how about british?
i need the address and phone number, please.
which part of town it is in ?
no, thanks. i have everything i need. goodbye.
hi. can you help me find a train?
i'm going to cambridge from liverpool street. on sunday.
i need to leave after 11:15.
i need to know the price and travel time please
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant called charlie chan can you find some information for me?
that would be all thanks !
i am traveling to cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions. i am looking for a museum in the west part of town.
that would work well for me can i get their entrance fee and postcode as well?
yes, i'm also looking for a hotel called the lovell lodge. can you help me find information about this hotel?
does lovell lodge have free internet, and may i ask what star rating it has? thank you for checking this for me.
thanks! i will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 24:30. can you help with that?
yes, that's all. goodbye!
i am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
i need one in the north and a guesthouse.
is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the moderate price range instead?
oh great thanks, that's all i needed!
hold on, is there any trains leaving cambridge that arrives by 11:30?
i be traveling to cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?
i would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the moderate price range and doesn't need to have free parking, but needs wifi
yes, that sounds like a good place. i appreciate the information.
yes, can you tell me the star rating of that hotel?
thanks, i also need a restaurant in the centre that serves european food. it needs to be in the same price range as hotel.
sounds good. i would like to make a reservation for friday at 17:15 for 4 people.
could you also book me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?
from the hotel. i would like to get a contact number for the taxi also, just in case something changes.
no that will be all thank you goodbye
hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food.
yes please. i would just need it to be in the cheap price range.
yes, let's try italian food.
book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on saturday.
i'd like a restaurant in the same area and price range. it doesn't matter what cuisine.
thank you, that was all i needed.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food
yes, i am looking for a moderate price range.
what about modern european foods?
yes, i want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on sunday.
ok. ill check latter
i would like a moderately priced indian food please.
how about the west? i will need a table for 4 on friday at 13:15.
is there anything available for 12:15 on friday?
i will need a taxi to take me there.
nevermind, i'm sorry. i think i'm all set.
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food.
i do not care about the location.
how about korean food in the expensive price range?
yes, i would like their address please.
thank you. that is all of the info that i needed. good bye.
i'm looking for the cambridge and county folk museum.
thanks, can you also give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?
i also need a place to stay.
do you have any 0 star places?
is there one in the moderate price range?
yes, that would be great. there will be 7 of us.
i'd like to start on friday please and stay for 3 nights. i will also need the reference number.
that will be all, and thanks so much for your help.
i need a train. the train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.
yes, i have to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in stevenage.
yes please, just myself. can you please provide the reference number as well?
i need a hotel as well.
no price range,please book me a place and i need postcode
actually i think i've heard of a specific place - the bridge guest house? do you have any info on them?
no, i don't need a reservation at this time. but can you provide me with their postcode?
no that is all the information i needed. thank you for all your help. goodbye
i need a four star room, free parking too.
the hotel should be in the west side of town.
could i book the marriot for 4 people starting on wednesday? it would be for 5 nights.
may i have the reference number for the booking please?
yes a hotel that is near that one.
i'd prefer something in the same price range as the marriott. it's all going on an expense report anyway, no reason to be stingy.
is there anything in the same price range you could try?
thank you, that's all i need!
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
i don't care book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on friday.
cool thank you. i'm all set for now.
have you ever heard of the hotel avalon?
yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday?
how about just one night instead? i really want to try this hotel.
i am also looking for a train that goes from cambridge to broxbourne, are there any available?
i'd like to leave wednesday after 09:45, please.
what is the arrival time and train id?
than you for your help! that is all i need.
i am looking for regency gallery. can you tell me where it is located?
okay, what kind of place is it?
maybe. unless you can just tell me what the entrance fee is and then i won't need it?
yes, i'd like a place to stay, too, please.
i'd like a room in the north please
i would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from saturday.
no. is there availability for 1 night?
okay. can you book me a taxi as well? i want to leave the hotel by 04:00.
i'd like to commute between the two places.
wonderful, you've been very helpful! that's all i need for today, thank you!
i am looking for a restaurant called the slug and lettuce.
that sounds great. could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this saturday?
yes, is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range?
nah, either one is fine. i need a reference number though.
that will be all. thank you for your help!
i want an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
sorry but i wanted the americas food.
hmmm, okay, i'm craving thai food so find me a restaurant that serves that
yes, please. make me a reservation for 4 people at 13:30 on thursday, please.
i need places to go in the same area.
i don't have a preference. do you have any suggestions of stuff near the restaurant?
thank you so much, i need a taxi from the church to the restaurant, i want to get there by the booked time.
no thank you that will be all
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
great, what would you recommend for me?
can you give me addresss and phone number please
thanks for that. i also need a train to bishops stortford from cambridge. i need it to leave from cambridge on friday.
yes, i need to arrive at bishops by 14:45.
any arrival time would work so long as it gets to bishops before 14:45.
no but i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the city's center.
that sounds great. i need to book it for 5 people at 11:45 on friday. can i get the reference number please?
thanks so much. that's all i needed today.
i need help finding a particular hotel.
the worth house is what i'm looking for.
all right. could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 4 nights beginning friday?
i would also appreciate it if you could help me find a cheap restaurant serving food from corsica
that's okay. how about italian food?
yes, for friday at 19:00 for 6 people.
no that would be it. thanks !
hi, i am planning a trip. have you heard of a particular hotel? i think it is called the carolina bed and breakfast.
great! i need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on thursday.
thank you. i also need to find an attraction in the centre. can you help me with that.
can you pick one for me and give me the address ?
can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the church at 15:15 and take me to the hotel? i'll need car type and contact number
thank you so much, that is everything that i need
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
i would like african food.
yes, please. for 7 people starting at 11:15 on sunday.
i would also like to find a train that would arrive at 19:45 and depart from cambridge.
train should go to kings lynn and should leave on monday
yes please that sounds good!
i apologize. i dont need to book tickets. but can i please get the travel time.
thanks. that's really all i need. goodbye.
hi, i am planning a trip and could use some help finding a particular attraction.
i would like a museum in the west please.
can i get the phone number for that one?
thank you. could you also find a guesthouse with a four star rating and free parking?
whatever you recommend will work. it need it booked for wednesday, 2 nights, 7 people. i'll need the reference number as well please.
thanks. you were very helpful. goodbye.
hi, i need a train that departs from cambridge. i need to leave after 15:00.
i am going to peterborough on tuesday.
i would like to arrive by 18:00 if possible.
thanks. i also need a place to stay. can you find a guesthouse with free parking?
i'll deal with the train, thank you. i want a fancy expensive guesthouse, does that narrow it down any?
please try for something in the cheap price range.
i don't know the area. can you suggest something for me?
yes for sunday for 3 nights for 3 people please.
no. thank you!!
thanks for your help today.
thank you, you as well!
ok cool go away now
can you help me find a train for wednesday, heading into cambridge?
i'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. does this help?
yes please book me a ticket.
oh wait, before booking i would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.
i need to know the travel time before booking.
thanks, i actually don't want to book just yet. i do need a place to stay though. could you please suggest a hotel in a moderate price range?
yes, it will need to have free parking and free internet please
yes, i am looking for something in the north.
i think i'd like a moderately priced hotel, please.
i like the sound of the lovell lodge.
yes please. there will be 7 people staying for 4 nights
that is everything, thank you for your assistance.
i'm looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking.
i think i would like it near the centre. does it have free parking? i would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 3 star hotel.
what hotels are available in the moderate price range?
no. are there any guest houses in that range?
i'm sorry. could you just find me one with free parking, a 3 star, moderate. i don't care where it is located.
ok, can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on sunday?
please book a different hotel in the same price range.
no, the area is not important. just the same price range, if you can find anything.
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the cambridge city centre.
yes i am interested in british food.
what is the phone number and postcode there?
i am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. i was thinking maybe a nightclub.
that sounds great, can i please get the phone number and postcode?
i'll also need a taxi. it should leave the fez by 1:00. please include the contact number and car type.
i'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. i need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.
have a nice day.
i'd really like to find a moderately priced guesthouse.
i am looking for a guesthouse in the moderate price range which includes free parking.
yes, let's book a room here.
any time is fine. what area is it located?
hm, i think i want to hold off on a booking. but i do need to book a place to eat. i think i'll just want north american food.
what part of town is it in?
okay great. let's book it for tuesday at 16:45, with 3 people. and please remember to send the reference number
great.!! nope that'll be all .thank you have a great day
is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
what is the address and phone number of one of them?
no that will do thanks.
hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? i need to go to cambridge i am leaving from bishops stanford station. do you know the times?
i would like to leave on sunday please.
i need tickets for three people.
could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?
yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.
what is the reference number?
i also need a hotel for 3 people starting sunday and for 4 nights.
we would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking. can you find something fitting this?
do you have any trains leaving after 15:00 on thursday?
my destination is norwich departing from cambridge.
yes, that would be find. i'll need to book tickets for 7 people. can i have the reference number please?
thank you! can you help me find somewhere to eat now?
yes, do you have a place that serves corsican food? i also need it to be on the cheap side.
bummer! i guess i'll try some asian oriental food then
can you suggest one and i need the address, postcode and their phone number too please
wonderful! i think that's all i need for now, thank you so much for your help!
can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the south side?
how about the chinese? can i have the address with the postcode, and the phone number?
sounds perfect! i also want to find a 3-star hotel in the same area.
does it include free wifi?
no need to book today. but, can you provide me with their phone number and address please?
thank you for the information.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
price is no issue. i would like a 3 star guesthouse though.
yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on monday.
try 2 nights, then.
yes, i am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15 and goes to bishops stortford.
i'd like to leave on wednesday, from cambridge.
that'll be perfect. how much will it be?
no i will book the passage myself. thank you for all your help!
no, i believe that was it. thank you for your help.
i need to eat australian food in a place that is expensive
are you sure there are no restaurants that serve australian food in the north that has an expensive price range?
hmm, i'll try asian oriental instead.
yes, please book it for me.
let's make it for six people at 15:00 on saturday.
thank you! now i need some suggestions on places to go in that same area of town.
sure. what is their postcode and phone number?
that all thank you very much for all your help.
i'd like to find a restaurant. the restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. also, i'd like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town.
i need for the restaurant to serve chinese food.
that sounds great! i need a table for monday at 12:15 for 8 people.
yes, please do! a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
thank you and goodbye.
i am looking for a train. i need to leave on tuesday and want to arrive by 20:45.
i'm heading to cambridge, and i'd like to leave from peterborough.
that will do, what is the price and train id?
no thank you. i am looking for a place to stay though that has free parking and expensive. do you have anything like that there?
yes, please tell me about the four star hotels, the cheaper of the two.
no, that's okay, i think that will be all for today, thank you!
i am looking for a museum in the south please.
i am looking to visit a college in cambridge and i will need to know the area, entrance fee, and phone number.
yes, that's perfect! thank you! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. it needs to be expensive, as well.
i'd prefer turkish food, if at all possible.
yes, thank you very much! we'd like a dinner reservation for two, at 18:00 please.
today, if possible, but it doesn't matter.
there is not. thank you so much for all of your help.
hello cambridge towninfo center representative. i desire a place to stay that 5 stars, cheap and includes free wifi. can you help?
how about changing that to a 4 star rating?
no preferences on the area, but i want to book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
sounds great! could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting wednesday?
that is it, thank you for your help. goodbye
i am looking for places to go in the north area.
give me more information about the boat please.
i'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. i want it to be cheap.
da vinci pizzeria sounds good. thanks.
i need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on monday, please.
i also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.
no, i think this is all i need for today. thank you for your help today.
i'm just needing a place to stay.
i don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere moderately priced.
the west part i need the address and phone number and zip.
does that have free wifi and parking? if so, i'd like a reservation.
i want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
no thank you.
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
the area does not matter, but it should have a 4 star rating.
please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from monday.
yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to cambridge.
i want it for monday and to leave after 19:15
yes, please book it for 3 people
thank you for your help. that is all for today. have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking.
i'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
how about el shaddai? i'll book it for 3 nights starting sunday. there will be 5 of us.
that is all! thanks!
i need information on a train to cambridge. i prefer to get there by 16:30
saturday is nice
don't you need to know where i am leaving from? does that train leave from ely?
please book tr8176 for 6 people.
thank you! can you please tell me about a restaurant called cotto?
yes, please. i'd like to book a table for the same group of people at 19:45 on the same day.
thanks. i am all set.
me too, my other line is ringing so this is a good time to end the dialouge.
i am trying to plan my trip in cambridge and need a place to dine. i need something kind of moderate for price and on the west side.
how about thai? are there any thai restaurants in the west of the moderate price range?
that is okay. an indian restaurant would be great, which place do you recommend?
yes try a different location.
maybe you could check any price range.
may i have the phone number for that place?
what is the departure time?
i'm looking for a guesthouse. but i won't have a car with me, so i don't need any rigamarole with "free" parking.
what area of town? what's the price?
are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the north?
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on friday.
great, thank you for help. that is all i need today.
thanks a lot hope to really enjoy my stay
i'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
oh, i'm sorry. i was hoping for something located in the east. do you have anything there?
does it include free parking?
great can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights on thursday?
i also need train tickets.
i am leaving from cambridge.
yes, i'm going to kings lynn.
yes i'm leaving on saturday and need to arrive by 13:45 please.
no thanks. what is the travel time?
no, thanks, that's all i need! thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
um yes you too, bye bye now!
i'm looking to swim today. is there anywhere i can go?
no, i'm actually looking for something in the north. is there anything available there please?
hi, few questions. i am looking for a restaurant called the little seoul. also, could you give me the phone numbers, address, and entrance fees for both those places?
the outdoor pool would be best. for the restaurant i need to reserve it for 5 people at 14:30 on sunday. please give me the reference number of the reservation.
ok, thanks. can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on sunday?
thank you so much for your help.
yes i need a taxi to get from the pool to the restaurant.
can i please get the taxi company's phone number in case i need it?
thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
i'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from cambridge.
i need to go to stevenage on wednesday
that sounds good. i will need 4 tickets.
i am also looking for a particular hotel called the alexander bed and breakfast.
i'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on sunday for 3 nights.
okay. thank you for your help.
hello. i am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 2 star rating.
no, i really need a hotel. it should be cheap with two stars. i don't care what area of town it is in.
ok, then i guess i will need to be more flexible with my budget. how about a 2 star hotel that is moderately priced?
um, i like the sounds of the lovell lodge. can you give me a phone number?
i also need a train that leaves ely after 8:30.
i'll be traveling on sunday and i'll be going to cambridge.
what time would i be arriving in cambridge? what would my travel time be? thanks.
thanks! that's all i need.
thanks and goodbye!
yes, i'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. the restaurant should serve a variety of jamaican food and ideally i'd like it to be located in the south please.
no i am looking for that specifically.
how about one that serves italian food?
i'd like to book at the expensive place. there will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at 15:00 on monday.
can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please?
yes please try booking that for me.
thank you so much for all of your help. that will be all.
i'm looking for some attractions in the centre area.
i did not ask for a booking.
what would you recommend?
as long as it is in the centre, any will be fine. can you make a recommendation please?
i'm also looking for an expensive latin american restaurant to dine at.
yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? if so, can you please book a table for 6 at 13:00 on saturday?
yes that sounds great. can you make reservations for that?
okay. thank you for your help.
can you help me find a train out of cambridge that leaves after 10:30?
i am looking to travel sunday going to stevenage. does that train travel on that day?
yes, that will work for me. can you please make a booking for 7 people?
well yeah, i would need the reference number if you booked it?
thank you. i'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. it needs to be a hotel. can you recommend any?
just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking
great. thank you for all your help.
i need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side.
can you give me some additional information on the asian oriental one?
sounds great. can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on friday please? i will need a reference number too.
no, thanks. you've been a great help!
can you help me with some information on a restaurant called luca cucina and bar?
what type of food do they serve?
no thanks. can you tell me the address and postcode for de luca cucina?
can you also give me a phone number to a cinema?
yes, can you tell me if cineworld cinema has an entrance fee? if so how much is that fee?
no i just needed the phone number. thank you.
are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars?
do they have free wifi?
yes! can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting friday?
no that was all i needed thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.
indian sound good.
the maharajah tandoor sounds great!
yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 12:00. i need a reference number.
i am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation. can you get me their contact number and car type?
i would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a college.
i want to arrive at the restaurant by 12:00 on friday please. i will also need their contact number and the car type.
the restaurant please.
to the attraction
i'm sorry, let's back up. we'll worry about the taxi later. first, can you help me find a college on the west side of town?
i would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.
a college and i need their telephone number.
great! may i have their contact number?
yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, i need a taxi at 11.45 from churchill college to maharajah tandoor so i can get there by 12.
that is wonderful. thank you so much for being patient. i am all set. bye.
i'm stuck up here in kings lynn and really need to get into cambridge. can you look up a train for me please?
i would like to leave on saturday after 17:00
that works for me. what is the price for that?
no, i'm not ready to book yet. thanks though. can you recommend a latin american restaurant?
are there any in the centre in the cheap price range?
what about one that serves asian oriental food?
dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 7 at 20:30 on saturday? and i will need the reference number as well please.
yes can you please book the train for me as well?
just the one ticket please.
that is everything i need, thank you.
thank you, that will be all!
can you help me find a train for wednesday, heading into cambridge?
i'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. does this help?
yes please book me a ticket.
oh wait, before booking i would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.
i need to know the travel time before booking.
ok great. i don't need tickets. could you find me a place to stay with free parking?
i need the place to be on the north side actually. moderately priced and with free wifi
i prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting wednesday. if that doesn't work then friday, and i will also need a reference number.
yes, that sounds fine. i need it for 4 nights the same day. there will be 7 of us.
nope thank you for all your help.
thank you! good bye!
i want to find a hotel in the moderate price range. i don't need free parking.
yes i need it to be in the north.
are either of them 4 star hotels? because that's what i need.
yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from saturday?
how about a different hotel in the same price range?
that's fine can you try booking that for me?
no, thank you. that's everything i need.
yes thank you.
i'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves molecular gastronomy.
what about a cheap vietnamese place?
can i have the phone number for that location as well as the address?
i am also looking for a place to stay. i'd like a guesthouse that has free wifi included.
i don't want to stay in a hotel, i'd prefer a guesthouse please that has free wifi and free parking.
yes can you please list the hotels names please.
i don't really have a price range. what do you suggest?
yes, i would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on friday.
i suppose i can start out with three nights, if that is available.
if it isn't too much trouble, i'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by 02:15. i need the contact number and car type, too.
thank you that's all i needed!
i need a place to stay in the east.
no, i don't care about price or stars.
does it have wifi?
yes please, for 4 nights.
i need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
thanks. could you help me find a restaurant specializing in americas food, also in the east?
any price range will work.
try british food, please.
yes. can you get all eight of us a table?
12:15 on the same day as the hotel please
that would be for wednesday and 8 people please
no, thank you for your help.
could you give me information about the museum of classical archaeology?
awesome, do that have a phone number?
what is the address?
i am also looking for a guesthouse to stay in
yes, i would prefer the south please.
i don't really mind, as long as it has 4 stars.
yes please, book the hotel for three people, five nights, starting thursday.
that is all, thanks for your assistance.
i'm looking for some 4-star accommodations.
an area that's close to public transportation
sure, as long as it is moderately priced.
i will be happy too. i will also need a postcode.
no that won't be necessary. i am just gathering information for now. thanks
are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town?
good i like chinese food please.
yes, i need a reservation for 7 people on friday at 17:45. could i get the reservation number?
perfect. thank you for all of your help. have a good day.
i have heard a lot of good things about the arbury lodge guesthouse. would you be able to provide any information on them?
no thank you. how many stars does it have? what is the postcode?
okay thank you that is all i need to know.
i would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking
the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
yes, please. 8 people for 2 nights starting on saturday.
thank you that is all i needed.
hi, i'm looking for a cheap austrian restaurant.
are you sure? i'd really like some austrian food.
yes please. i prefer the centre of town if possible.
i would like for that to be cheap as well.
sounds good. could you give me the number? also, the address and postcode.
no, i'm all set, thanks. goodbye!
hey, i'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.
i want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.
do they include wifi?
i am open to any hotel that matches my requests. i need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday
ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number
you have all the information you need.
i need a train.
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and i am looking for things to do in the city centre. can you help me find something to do?
i have no preference. pick any for me and please tell me the attraction type, entrance fee and phone number.
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves korean food, and is located in the same area as great saint mary's church.
no thank you. can you provide me with their phone number?
thank you. do you also book taxis? i would like one from saint mary's to the little seoul.
i want to leave the church by 1:00.
no that will be all for today. thanks alot. goodbye.
can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?
i suggest whale of time. i need its address, entrance fee and postcode
i want a particular one called whale of a time, can you find that?
yes please, could i get their address, postcode and entrance fee if they have one?
i am also interested in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the moderate price range with free wifi.
i am not booking a room yet i just need information. please make a suggestion and provide the address.
i will also need a taxi to commute please.
from a and b guest house at 01:00 to whale of a time, please.
no, that's everything i need today. thank you.
i need a train leaving after 18:15 departing from birmingham new street
friday. i'll be heading to cambridge.
yes, that works - could you book 3 tickets please. also, what is the reference number.
great. i am also looking for a place to stay. it does not need to have free parking and doesn't need to include internet.
is it in the centre?
i suppose the north will work for me.
yes please. make sure to send me the postcode for the hotel.
i don't need to book right now. i just needed to know the postcode and the hotel type please. can you confirm those?
i'm sorry, i decided that i do need a hotel in the centre.
i don't car, but i'm not bringing a car or computer so i don't need parking or internet. which ones don't have those?
that's not necessary. thanks for the help!
nope, i think i'm all set.
i need to find a place to stay tonight in the south please.
moderate pricing and i dont care where they charge for parking or not.
yes, four star please.
not at this time. could i get the address for the hotel?
i'm also looking for information on pizza express fen ditton.
could you make a reservation for 7 people for friday at 11:45, please? i appreciate it.
fantastic thats everything thanks!
hello i am new to cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. any suggestions?
i need it to be in the north area, is alexander bed and breakfast located there?
yes, please! i'd like a room for 6 people. we'll arrive on friday and stay for 4 nights.
i would also like to eat some chinese food near the hotel.
sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at 17:15 please? and then give me the reference number
that is all for now. thank you for all your help.
thanks so much, goodbye!
i would like to visit some parks while i am in town. can you please suggest me some to visit?
i would like to find a park anywhere. i need the fees , postcode, and phone number.
i am not particular. but i also need information on a restaurant called the gardenia.
thank you, can you also look up the gardenia for me? it is a restaurant i have wanted to try.
that's okay. could you book a table for me there for two people. i'd like it to be on sunday at 15:45.
thank you. i also need a taxi to pick me up from the wandlebury country park to make it to my reservation.
the taxi will be picking me up from the wandlebury country park and i need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking.
thanks so much sorry i have been such a pain. you need a raise!
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye.
hello, i'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. any suggestions?
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a table for 5?
tuesday at 16:00.
i'm also looking for a train on tuesday as well. can you assist me with this please?
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at 13.30. train id, price and departure time please
okay, what time does it depart and how much is it?
great, that is everything i needed! thanks!
yes, hi. would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in cambridge?
well, how about a moderate price range and a star rating of zero? oh, and i don't need free parking.
please show me a guesthouse with the lowest available rating.
yes that will work. i'll need the area, postcode and address, please.
i'd like to visit a nightclub.
yes, i think there's been some confusion. let's go back to lodgings for a moment. with no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a hotel instead?
no, i'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and moderately priced.
i would like to visit an attraction called the man on the moon.
thank you very much.
yes, i am also looking for an expensive halal restaurant to dine at.
i would like halal food in the centre of town.
is there an african restaurant in the center?
yes, please. i'll need a table on saturday. it will be at 13:30. 6 people will be dining.
thank you so much. that was all i needed.
nope that was it for today, thanks!
no thank you. i have to go. thanks for all of your help!
hi there! i'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the south area of town.
no i prefer to go with the moderately priced guesthouse, does it have free wifi?
not at this time but can you give me the phone number, please?
i am also interested in finding something fun to do in the south. are there any "must see" attractions you suggest?
just any that is inn the same area as the hotel
sure. can i have the phone number and address, and also how much it will cost?
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the art museum. i want to leave the hotel by 14:15.
no thank you that is all i need.
i need a hotel with free wifi.
doesn't matter. i also need free parking.
could you find me one with a star rating of 3?
no area does not matter please recommend one.
yes can you please and send me the info?
it seems we are on different pages here. ok, just please book a room for at the gonville hotel, 1 person, 4 nights, starting friday.
yes, i also need a lebanese restaurant in the center of town.
i can't wait. please book a table for 1 at 13:00 on friday, please.
that is everything, thank you.
i want to eat some north american food
can you tell me the price range?
thanks, can i get the address and phone number?
no, that is ok. thank you for all your help today.
thank you, good bye.
i am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.
i'd like some italian food.
yeah. can i get one for 8 people on friday at 14:30 please?
yes, i definitely need the reference number. thank you.
well now that you've asked, i would like some information about the kirkwood house hotel
yes i nee to book a room friday. for 3 nights, 8 people. i'll also need a reference number.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places,
have the taxi pick us up at the kirkwood house at 14:00 and at the restaurant at 16:30.
sweet, thanks a lot for your help!
hi, i am looking for a north indian restaurant in the town centre?
one in the moderate price range would be good. can you find one for me?
no, in that case i think i would prefer to try a place that serves international food.
okay, how about the varsity .. i'd like a table for four on thursday at 12:30.
yes. i'd like the same area and price range.
thank you, that will be just fine.
i'm looking for information on the autumn house. can you help me out?
can you give me the address please?
great, thanks. now could you also help me find a train?
i want to leave on friday after 10:15.
i'd like to depart from peterborough. i'm heading to cambridge. i'll need to book for 8 people.
thanks for all of your help
i need a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge i would let to get there by 11:30 if possible
yes, can you book it for 2 people and could i get the reference number?
thank you so much. i also need a place to stay while in cambridge. could you help me find a room please?
no, but could it have a 4 star rating?
any that has free wifi
whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting tuesday.
thanks! that's all i need for now!
hi! i am looking for a nice place for dinner. i would like something in the centre that's expensive.
what would you suggest? i need a reservation for 6 at 12:00 on thursday and i'll need the reference number then too please.
yes, please. i also want to find a museum in town.
sure. can i have the phone number and address?
thank you so much! i appreciate your time, that is all the help i need today.
i would like a guesthouse, four star.
does it include free parking?
yes, please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from sunday.
sure. any guesthouse in the same price range would be fine.
thank you for the reference number yu3moahh. goodbye.
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant
is it expensive?
actually, i was looking for a mexican restaurant in the centre of town.
what about a gastropub?
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city centre. mexican is my first choice. if none is available, gastropub is fine.
yes a table for four please.
thank you. oh wait! it needs to be a table for 2.
we need a table for tuesday at 12:30 please.
what is the address and postcode of the backstreet bistoro?
i also want to find an attraction called corpus christi.
thanks for all your help. that will be all for today. goodbye.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.
that sounds good, could i please have their phone number and postcode?
i also need to find information on university arms hotel, can you help me find it?
no thank you, that's all the info i need, thanks!
thank you very much for the assistance, take care!
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
what is the phone number and address of one of them?
thank you. goodbye.
goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town.
ok, how about chinese food?
yes please, i would like a table for 6 at 11:30 on friday.
i need a hotel same price range as restaurant that includes free wifi and parking. can you help with that too?
well, let see. i am eating in the centre of town, so let me find a place in the centre.
lets try a expensive price range
no preference really, just recommend one for me
sure, does it have free wifi and free parking?
great, thanks! what about free parking?
thanks. and now could you also provide me with the address for that location?
thanks for the information. have a great day
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves thai food.
can i book a table for 6 people at 15:45 on tuesday?
let's try the other restaurant.
can you try another restaurant?
i would like to go to a park in the centre of town. what would you recommend?
yes, that will work great. can i get their postcode please?
i also need a taxi to go from sala thong to the gardens.
i want to make sure i can get from the park to the restaurant in time.
thank you! that will be all.
hi, can you help me find a train leaving cambridge?
i would like to go to cambridge on sunday.
i am leaving birmingham new street, coming into cambridge.
i can depart any time after 17:15. what's the first train that leaves after this time?
at what time will that train arrive?
i need a train that leaves before 17:15 if possible.
no, thank you. i will have to verify with a friend if we can make tr5797. can you help with finding an indian restaurant in the east area of town?
any is fine, i just need the postcode and address of it.
thank you for your help. that is all i need for now.
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
i would like sometthing international.
yes there will be 8 of us at 17:15 on wednesday.
can you help me find a train?
i would like a train from ely to cambridge on wednesday and i need to arrive before 10:45.
no thank you. i'll just need the travel time and train id, please?
no. that will be all for now. thank you for your help.
hello, i am looking for a certain hotel in cambridge called the autumn house.
yes, for 5 nights beginning wednesday for 1 guest please.
how about 4 nights instead of 5?
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called zizzi cambridge.
can you please repeat the phone number and provide the address. thank you.
no, i think that's all i need right now. thanks very much for your help!
i need an expensive restaurant.
i would like chinese food in the centre please.
i need a table for 7 at 19:45 on sunday
no that will be all. thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east.
are there any swedish places?
darn, alright. can we search chinese instead then please?
thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on monday at 15:15?
thank you very much. what is the reference number?
no, thanks you've been great!
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at. i want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?
that is all i need.
can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food?
maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves italian food?
i think i will try zizzi cambridge. could i get the address and postcode?
yes i am looking for a particular hotel called the carolina bed and breakfast.
i need the address for carolina bed and breakfast.
no thank you. i just needed the information for now. thanks for you help.
i need a train to cambridge, leaving from the birmingham new street station.
i need a train leaving on thursday at 10:45
anytime is fine as long as i leave after 10:45. i'll need a booking for 6 people and a reference number.
i will take it. also, i am looking for a place that serves thai food in the west area.
thank you, that sounds just right.
could you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
thank you that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range.
i would like a moderate price range and in the centre. would you be able to book a table for friday at 19:30? it would be for 2.
why don't you choose one for me as long as i can get the tables booked.
just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please. and i'll need a reference number.
no, thank you. good bye.
i want the creative food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the south as well.
any price range will be fine.
how about chinese food?
yes please
no, thank you and good bye
i'm viviting cambridge and would really love to do something while i am here on a boat. are there any attractions like that?
i would love more information, thanks!
thanks. i'll also need a place to stay on my visit. could you find me a 3 star hotel nearby?
no, i do not have a price range. any price range will do.
yes, i do. north, please., and i would like a guest house.
either will do. please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday.
no that is all, thank you. good bye.
i need to find a place to stay. i prefer a guesthouse and i'll need free parking for my car.
does it also have free wifi?
yes, can i get the address postcode and the number of stars it has?
great thank you i am also looking to get some info on the broughton house gallery
yes i need the post code as well, thanks.
nope. thanks so much for your help.
hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions. i don't need internet or parking. can you help?
that is perfect, i was looking for free parking as it was.
i'm looking for a place in the cheap price range with free parking.
does it also have free wifi?
yes, book one night please. what is the star rating by the way? also what parks are in the west area?
actually, i'm not quite ready to book yet. but i am looking for parks in the west part of town. what are my options there?
can you look for a nice museum instead?
i'd like the postcode and phone number of that gallery please.
can you book me a taxi as well?
i want to leave the museum by 23:00.
i want to go from the allenbell to the cafe jello gallery. i want to leave the museum by 23:00.
nope, that should be all for today, thanks!
thank you that's all i need!
i need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.
i need it for saturday.
i just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. what time do i depart?
no thanks, i just wanted to know the information. i do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
can i get more information?
i'd rather have a hotel. are there any available?
no thank you that will be all
yes, i am going for luxorious today. i need to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
i'd prefer italian food please.
no, i was hoping for a recommendation.
sounds good. can you reserve me a table for 8 people on wednesday at 13:15 please?
i need a train to stansted airport on thursday that arrives by 19:30.
what is the travel time for that one?
thank you very much!
nope you have been great!
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please.
no, it doesn't matter. can you reserve one of them for sunday at 13:00? i will be dining alone.
no, that is all i need, thank you.
i'm looking information about a train in cambridge. needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on tuesday.
i will be going from ely to cambridge.
not just yet. can i get the cost and departure time?
yes. i am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.
no, i don't need train tickets right now.
is it a guesthouse? i don't want to stay at a hotel.
does it include free parking and wifi?
what is the price and how many stars does the guesthouse have?
sounds great, thanks! that's all i need today. goodbye!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
are there any expensive restaurants in the south?
italian food willl do
yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at 14:30.
i also need a train.
i would like it to leave after 10:00.
i'll be leaving cambridge going to ely, i'd like to leave after 10:00.
it does and could you please book it for 15 people and could you also give me the reference number?
sorry i actually need that for 8 people on thursday.
nope you've been wonderful, thanks for all the help.
i'd like a kosher restaurant that's in the moderate price range.
how about asian oriental food?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye
i'm so hungry! can you find me an expensive restaurant?
actually, i'd prefer some good german food. is there an expensive german restaurant in the city centre?
how about one that serves mediterranean food in the same parameters?
i'd like to try la mimosa. could i get a table for 8 at 15:30 on friday? a reference number would be great. thank you
how much should i expect the cost per person to be at this place?
that's fine then. thank you for your help.
hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?
how about italian food, than?
i would like something in the moderate price range.
that sounds good. can you book the table for 7 people on tuesday at 16:15? i also need a train departing from cambridge that leaves after 11:30.
i'll be going to peterborough on wednesday.
sounds perfect. i need seven tickets please.
no, that will be all. thank you.
i'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the centre.
what is the entrance fee?
okay. i need some information on an italian restaurant in the expensive range. can you help me?
yes i need the restaurant to be in the centre.
before you do that, is it expensive and in the same area as the swimming pool you recommended?
do they have a table available for 3 people at 11:00 on monday?
no thank you that will be all
find me a restaurant that serves belgian food in the centre
how about one that serves turkish food?
i would like to know the price ranges of the 3 if possible please, and also would like to dine in the centre of town.
thanks, i'm also looking for a train that goes to cambridge on saturday.
i'd like to arrive by 21:15 please!
the train should depart from ely and should arrive by 21:15.
not right now. thank you.
that is all i need.
would you help me book a train for thursday, please?
i would like to go to cambridge
i will be leaving from kings lynn.
i would like to leave after 15:45.
yes, please. i am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.
i would like a cheaper hotel.
i still have some requests for the hotel, before you book it.
i need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, moderately priced, and with wifi. type doesn't matter.
that doesnt matter. choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 5 nights. and do remember to send me the reference number
i think that covers everything. thanks for your help.
i would like to find a restaurant named tandoori palace. do you know of that restaurant?
can you give me the postcode for it please?
that will be all, thanks. goodbye!
can you help me find a restaurant by the name of bangkok city?
no thank you. i would like to book a reservation for wednesday at 5:45 pm.
there are 6 of us.
yes. something in the same area and same pricerange, please.
yes please that would be great. we love thai.
yes please try to book a different thai restaurant.
thanks so much. that is awesome! have a good day!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
don't care.
are there any other restaurants?
what is the address, phone number and postcode?
no, thank you. that'll do it.
thank you, goodbye.
do you have information about all saints church?
is there an entrance fee and if so, how much is it?
can you find me a moderately priced british restaurant now?
i need to find a place to sleep on the east side, it doesnt matter is the parking is free or not.
i think a guesthouse would be more personal.
no thanks. i just need the price range, postcode and phone number.
no thank you. could you tell me about russian restaurants in the east?
are there any expensive restaurants?
i am a big fan of british food. do you have an expensive one in the east?
yes please book it for monday at 12:00 for 4 people please.
could you try wednesday?
how about 12:00?
great!! thank you so much. that's all i need today.
i would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
i don't care.
could you please give me the address and phone number ?
thanks, bye bye
i want to depart from cambridge by train.
i would like to leave on saturday.
i am going to stansted airport.
i would like to leave after 13:00.
yes please. i need 1 ticket.
yes please. i need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.
not really, no. what's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?
thanks! that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i'm looking for someplace to go in town.
i'd love to try a local restaurant
first, i need an attraction in the east. can you choose one and get me the entrance fee, postcode, and attraction type? then i'd like an expensive restaurant in the east.
just do what i say! i don't care what you choose! give me the necessary information too. then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive north indian food
how about expensive restaurants that serve indian food in the same area?
i want the pipasha for 1 at 16:30 on saturday.
yes try 15:30 on saturday and need a reference number thank you.
great! that is everything i needed. thank you!
i need information on a restaurant called panahar.
i need reservations for 5 people at 15:15 on sunday. i'll need the reference number as well.
i'm looking for things to do in the west. can you recommend anything?
can you tell me the address for the whale of a time entertainment venue? and is there an entrance fee to get in there?
thanks for that, that's all i need.
thank you, you as well.
i look forward to my visit. thanks, again.
hi, i need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.
are either one of them a guesthouse?
can you give me the star rating of your top three guesthouses along with a price range?
can you give me the phone number for your favorite of those?
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called the hotpot. can you help me with that?
yes please. for 1 at 16:45 this saturday.
what was the reference number?
that would be everything. thank you
thank you, you too!
i need a guesthouse, free parking included.
is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?
okay, what about one that does have internet?
how many stars does the acorn guest house have?
what is the address of the acorn?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15.
could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.
that will be all, thank you.
i would like to find a cheap indian restaurant to dine at.
yes, i want to go in cambridge and i will need the address, postcode, and area to find it.
i have no preference but i would like an attraction to visit in the city center.
i would prefer it to be in the centre. could you give me the address and postcode?
what sort of attraction is kohinoor?
i need a taxi between the restaurant and the hotel .
i would like to leave by 6:30.
yes, i would like to leave by 6:30 in the morning please
sorry, i misspoke. i need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 06:30.
that's all that i need for now. thank you for your help.
have a great day now.
i want a place to eat that serves swiss food.
how about does anyone serve european food?
it doesn't matter. please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.
i am also needing help finding a room. i don't care if they offer free parking or internet.
i'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. it doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. closer to the restaurant would be preferred.
i don't need a reservation right now but can i get more information?
ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday.
thank you very much!
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
i would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 11:30.
i will be leaving rosa's bed and breakfast and heading to the restaurant. please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.
have a nice day.
yes, i am planning my trip to cambridge. there are so many things to do it seems. exciting. can you help me with some information?
i would like the centre area please.
i am most interested in museums.
just any type of museum will do.
yes, that sounds good. can i get their phone number and postcode please?
thank you, can you also help me with finding a hotel in the est?
yes that would be great! thank you for helping me with this.
oops look like i made a typo. is that hotel a guesthouse and in the cheap price range?
as long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do. i need 4 people 2 nights from monday please.
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. i'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.
yes that would be all thank you.
how's it going? i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please
north american food please.
yes please, a table for two at 17:15 on friday.
can you help me find a room in the north part of town?
i need free parking but other than that i'm not picky.
can you suggest one please?
no but if you can, please get me their phone number and i'll take it from there.
great, thank you!
thank you so much for all your help.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food?
the restaurant should be in the north.
tell me about the indian restaurants in the north then please?
can you book me a table for two at the royal spice?
i need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday.
yes. can you look for something in the same area and price range please?
that is perfect. thank you for all the help!
a north part of town restaurant
i do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food.
what is the address and phone number?
nope, that was all i needed. thank you. bye bye.
hello! i'm traveling to cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the centre of town. can you help?
yes, and could you give me the phone number too?
and the address is? and while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star hotels close to it?
do they have free wifi? if yes, please book for 2 people for 1 night. thank you for your help.
i actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could i have the postcode and phone number for the gonville? and is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
thanks, i also need a taxi to go the hotel. i want to leave the man on the moon at 16:15. can you get me the contact number and car type?
no that is it thank you! that was all the info i needed! thank you and have a good day.
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food. what is the address and postcode?
thank you, goodbye.
can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?
i would like a little more information about the belfry hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?
no but what is the address?
no thank you that will be all
i am in the market to book a hotel tonight.
i'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi. i'd like a guesthouse please.
do they have free parking and can i get the phone number please?
yes i need train tickets leaving cambridge on sunday
i am leaving kings lynn anytime after 12:00
what is the arrival time for the tr5507?
thanks you've been a great help.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
i don't have a preference for food but i would like it to be in the expensive price range.
sounds good, can you please send the postcode. also i need a train leaving on sunday to cambridge.
i will be leaving from ely at 5:15.
actually, i need a train leaving from leicester after 5:30.
i misspoke i need it to leave after 15:30
how much is the train fare?
yes, what is the total travel time?
ok, thank you, that is all the info i need right now.
i'm craving some spicy food so find me an indian restaurant on the east end please
no not right now thanks
yes, is the curry prince in the moderate price range? if so, i'll need to make a reservation.
8 people at 12:15 on friday, please.
i need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking
that would be fine.
you can decide please. i need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting friday please. i'm looking forward to this!
okay, thank you!
no that was all i needed. thank you so much.
i do actually need a taxi between the two places. i need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.
that is it for now thanks
i would like more information on a hotel called cityroomz for my trip to cambridge.
no, i just need to know if they have free internet.
i also would like information on a place to eat in the centre of town.
yes i was interested in european food in expensive price range
yes please, i would like their phone number.
that's all i needed today, thank you.
i need a place to stay, can you help?
i don't care about price, but i'd like to stay in the south. i do like guesthouses better than hotels.
i do not have a star preference.
great. can you tell me their post code, and if they have internet?
i'm not ready to book yet. would you also look up places i can visit while i am in town?
i'd like to find a very nice park out in the south.
can i have their address and postcode.
i also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 05:45, contact number and car type.
thanks for your help!
i want a train going to london kings cross.
i am departing from cambridge.
i would like to travel on monday and leave after 15:30.
please book the 17:70 for 3 people.
yes please it needs to be for three people.
great, thanks! also, can you tell me about the worth house, please?
i didn't ask about a restaurant. i'm pretty sure that's a hotel.
yes i would like to book it for 2 nights from saturday for 3 people please.
thanks, that is all i need.
i need to find places to go. can you aid me?
i should very much like to explore the east, what is located there?
what attractions are in the east ?
how about a museum
the cambridge artworks sounds good. can i get the address and phone number please?
thanks, i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking.
i had no preference going into this, but lets try east since the museum is there.
no but quality matters, are any of them 4 stars?
i'd like a guesthouse, 4 stars. area doesn't really matter. can you recommend anything?
i need a hotel or guesthouse with 4 stars that has free wifi, can you make a recommendation based on that?
no booking, just get me the phone number.
i wouldn't know this.
sorry, actually, can you please just send me their phone number?
thank you so much for your help. that is all that i need today.
i need a train out of cambridge on monday.
let's change the date to leaving on tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing cambridge and to the birmingham new street.
perfect. can you book 3 seats for me?
yes, please. i also need a hotel with free wifi. and, thank you for the train reservation.
the area is flexible. i am more concerned with finding something with 2 stars and with free wifi.
what's the name of the expensive hotel?
thats fine, thanks
no, i'm just gathering information right now. thanks for all your help today. that's all i need.
what train can i take to get to cambridge from leicester?
i need to leave on friday.
i'd like to leave after 9, and i need one ticket, please.
could i have the reference number please?
i am also looking for moderate priced asian food.
yes, that sounds good. please book a table for 1 at 20:00 on friday.
no, that is all. thanks, goodbye.
are there are jamaican restaurants in the centre part of town?
oh no. i had my heart set on jamaican. can you please verify? i'll have to think a minute on another cuisine.
well bummer. how about a restaurant that serves indian food instead?
i need expensive, please.
which ever you think is the best, please give me the address.
thanks, what is their address?
great! i am also looking for a train going to broxbourne on thursday.
yes, i am departing from cambridge. thanks!
yes, i need to make sure i leave by 17:00.
great, it leaves after 8:15, the time i should have told you in the first place. what is the travel time on tr2125 please?
no that is all i need, thank you
no thanks. you've been very helpful. goodbye.
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves australian food.
what about british food?
could i have the phone number for one of the restaurants?
thanks, goodbye.
i want to find a place to stay in the moderate price range. parking doesn't need to be free.
i would like a guesthouse please. oh, and i don't need internet either.
could i get the stars of the hotel and phone numbers?
thank you. i am also looking for a place to dine. im thinking british food and it should be in the centre.
no just as long as it serves british food and is in the centre. i also need to get the post code for the one you choose.
i don't care about the time or day. i would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves british food in the centre area of town, please.
thank you - that's all i'll need today. i appreciate your help!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.
yes, i'm on food stamps and i can only afford the cheapest place.
do they have free wifi, and parking? free is my ideal price.
no, but could you give me the postcode?
may i have the postcode for the allenbell, please?
i also wanted to find a nightclub to visit while i'm there.
that sounds great. is there a cover charge?
can you give me the address and phone number?
great i appreciate it!
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places
i'd like to leave the hotel by 15:45 please
thank you very much
i am looking for the acorn guest house.
sounds perfect. what is the phone number?
thank you. can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from cambridge.
i am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and i need to leave after 19:30.
yes book it for me please
i am trying to find when the train is leaving sunday cambridge can you help me?
i am heading to ely.
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 16:00 going to london liverpool street.
that is good, i also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.
a guesthouse in the east, please
can you give me the phone number and postcode please?
um, ok. are you read to give me that information now?
no, that's all i need from you today, thanks a bunch!
i would like to get some information about a local restaurant and a hotel please. include the best options for me.
the hotel that i am looking for is called gonville. i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on wednesday.
can you find me a modern european cuisine restaurant in the centre area?
i would like the moderate price range.
the latter please. can you book that?
please reserve for 8 people.
i want to go wednesday please
how much time?
i want to leave the hotel by 09:15
sorry, i'm being such a confusing pain. i don't want to reserve a table. i just need the address.
can i get the postcode with that? and their phone number, while you're at it?
i also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. i'd like to leave the gonville hotel by 09:15
i just mentioned that i would like to leave by 9:15 please.
that is all, thank you very much.
i am wanting to visit a college while i am traveling in town. do you have any listings?
i have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? i would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.
no thanks, but i do need a place to stay. could you find me something with free parking?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better
i would prefer to stay in the west side of town.
thank you! i would like it to have at least 4 stars.
doesn't matter. do both include wifi?
you know what, come to think of it i think i would prefer to stay on the south side of town. can you check for a 4-star hotel there?
could you get me the postcode for rosa's b&b? and is that a hotel or guesthouse?
yes i will also need to book a taxi from rosa's for 04:45.
that is correct.
thank you. i think that's all i need today. bye.
i need to find a restaurant called taj tandoori
yes. i need a place for 3 on wednesday at 17:15.
i also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 0.
does it have free parking?
is there anywhere else which would offer free parking?
how about a cheap hotel with free parking?
the area doesn't matter. can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on wednesday.
can i get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, i would like to arrive shortly before the booking time.
no, i am all set for today. you have been very helpful. thanks. bye.
i am looking for mediterranean food in the center of the city.
i'd like the expensive range and i'd like to book a table for 7 people on saturday at 15:45.
thank you so much. that is all i need today. have a great evening.
great. thanks so much!
can i get a korean restaurant in the town centre?
can you tell me the address, phone number, and postcode of little seoul, please?
thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a cheap chinese restaurant.
if that is cheap, it sounds perfect to me.
no need to book anything. but can you give me their address please?
thanks. is there a college nearby?
may i have their address please?
okay, thank you for your help. that's all.
is there any french food in cambridge?
well, can you give me some information on it?
i would like something expensive. is either option expensive?
can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 19:00 and send me a ref number.
great! i am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge. it should arrive by 11:00.
let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.
that is all for today. thank you very much for all your help. goodbye.
please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food
could you recommend an indian restaurant in the same price range?
no, i don't care.
that sounds good. what is the address and phone number?
is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range?
thank you for all your help, and have a nice evening.
i'm looking for lodgings that are moderately priced.
yes, i'm looking to stay in the north.
the hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi.
i am actually looking for a hotel. is the acorn guesthouse listed in that type?
sure, book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on monday?
that will be all. good bye.
i am looking for a train going to cambridge leaving on wednesday.
it really needs to depart from norwich so i can arrive by 13:15
i'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. any may i have the reference number?
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.
nah, i'm not picky. surprise me. i will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.
great thank you i think i have all i need
i will be in cambridge and i need a place to go in the east
anything in the east.
i don't care really. what is one of the most popular ones?
can you give me the postcode, please?
i want a cheap restaurant please in the same area as the attraction.
i want a restaurant that serves international food
i don't need a booking at the moment but could you provide me with their phone number?
thank you. that will be all i need.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves indian food.
i don't care.
indian food
may i have the phone number?
no. thank you.
i'm looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar
yes can you help me with a reservation for monday night at 18:15?
just two. it's for my wife and i.
yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar?
lets try for asian please
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town, somewhere nice, price is no object.
i would like the restaurant to have indian food.
that sounds good. i would like to book a table for 2 people on friday at 17:15.
i will get back to you. thank you for the help.
okay, until then. have a good one, goodbye.
i need a place to stay in cambridge that includes free wifi. i don't need free parking.
is it in the west? what is the price range?
i'm open to it, and i suppose the centre will do. but i'd prefer the west side if there is one.
that's okay, cityroomz will work. can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday?
i am looking to book a train for the three of us from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday.
ummm i literally just told you birmingham new street, and i'm not traveling today im traveling wednesday! please pay attention
we will be ready to leave after 14:30. arrival time is not as important to us.
that sounds perfect. i need reservations for 3.
i'm looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city. can you recommend anything?
yes, does it have free parking?
yes please. i'll need the address, postcode, and whether they have internet also.
that's all i need for now. i think i will wait to actually book a room. thank you!
i'm traveling to cambridge and looking forward to their restaurants. i need a place to stay while i'm there.
i need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be expensive. i also need free parking
perfect. i need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from wednesday.
thank you for helping me.
yes, actually. i'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with creative food.
how about north american food?
as long as it is expensive. can i just get the postcode, address, and area for that?
cool beans, bro. thanks for your help. laters.
i don't think i need reservations today. that is all i need help with thank you.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel. can't wait to check out cambridge.
i need it to have free parking too.
is it expensive?
hmm, i don't usually like the cheaper places. how about anything that is moderately priced?
no problem. i would like a place to eat. chinese food around the centre of town.
yes is should be expensive
actually, i am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 14:45 on monday.
that will be nice. can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 3 people?
thank you. going back, i don't think we chose a hotel. i need a moderate price guesthouse with 4 stars. remember?
i am looking for the centre area.
what about an expensive one?
no that is fine but i do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by 14:45 and pick me up from the hotel.
yes an expensive one would be great with a 4 star rating and free parking.
no i just need their phone number and address.
yeah, what can you tell me about archway house?
i need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.
i would like to travel on friday.
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday
i am looking for a nightclub to visit while in town.
yes i would like to be in the center.
sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode? i'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant.
do you have any restaurants in the same area as the attraction?
do you have some place that serves danish food and it should be expensive?
indian, please.
yes, please. although i would like it to be in the centre of town.
yes, please book a table for 8 people.
at 20:00 for tuesday please.
okay great. thanks for your help.
no, that will be all for now. thanks for your help. goodbye
i want a moroccan restaurant.
any price range will be fine.
yes. can you find any mediterranean restaurant please
i would like the address, phone number, and post code information for la mimosa please. thank you!
that's it. thank you, goodbye
are there any museums i could go to in the west part of town? thanks.
i'd like something in the cheap price range please.
can you give me the postcode for kettle's yard?
thanks! i also need information on leverton house.
do they have free internet?
no that was all i needed. thank you. goodbye.
i want to find a place to eat british food in the west part of the city
in the west and prefer expensive price range
yes, please do that for me. i would like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on monday.
yes, are there any boat in the area of the restaurant?
ok, well how about something educational--like a museum maybe?
great, could you give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?
great that's all i needed. thanks for all your help. have a good day.
hi i am looking to get some information on autumn house hotel.
i'd like to know it's address and phone number. i'd also like to book it for 6 people, thursday, for 4 nights.
do you have the reference number for that reservation?
i am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, i am not worried if i pay to pay for parking.
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
could you check for something in the moderate price range?
that doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
that's okay, i can book later. can you help me find a train departing from leicester on tuesday?
i need to arrive by 08:15 in cambridge please.
oh, i don't need to book any tickets, i would just like to know the the departure time, price, and travel time, please.
that's all i needed today. thanks, and goodbye!
i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant in the south.
no reservation right now, i just need the phone number.
no that's all i needed. thank you!
can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?
let me think about that. what are some good local restaurants?
no, i don't. surprise me!
let me think about that. can you help me book a 4 star hotel?
do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?
no, that's ok. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the cheap price range.
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on thursday?
is there another restaurant in the area?
yes. i'd like to reserve a table for 5 on thursday at 12:00.
are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on thursday at 12:00 in the centre? would you double check that for me again?
i would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.
arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.
no that will be all thank you
well, i am planning a trip and need some help with a train.
i weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by 10:30 in stevenage.
not really. i need to know how much a ticket costs and how long it travels.
perfect. i am also looking for a place to stay with free parking
i'm not sure of that yet. it does need to be in the north.
i need some help finding a place to stay in the east please.
price isn't really a factor, but i would like 4 star
do any of them offer free parking and wifi?
price doesn't matter. any of the five will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. it will be 3 nights and for 6 people.
i would also like a cheap place to eat in the same area.
that sounds perfect, yes please.
a table for 6 at 13:15 on wednesday would work. i'll need a reference number.
no, that is all. goodbye.
hi! i need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
no preference. please recommend any one of those restaurants.
sure, can you try and book a table for wednesday at 12:15? there are 5 people.
yes, what other restaurants are in the same area in price range?
any place i can get in to will be fine, in that are.
i am planning a trip and am looking for some places to go while i'm there.
i'm interested in architecture, and would like to find architectural attractions. could you provide the areas too?
yes please, that could be nice.
great! i'm also looking for a hotel, preferably on the east side of town. i won't need parking, but i do need free wifi. do you have anything like that?
yes, this sounds wonderful. thank you very much.
book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
awesome. thanks. goodbye.
i'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after 20:30
i want to go to leicester.
yes, that will work fine. will you please book it for 3 people and also provide the reference number?
i'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves venetian food.
can you recommend a place that services spanish food?
great. thanks for all your help.
hi i am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. are there any around town?
is this a guesthouse?
yes, i'm sorry, i should have told you earlier.
can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on tuesday, and we'll want to stay 2 nights.
thanks. i am also looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.
are there any cinemas available?
what is the phone number for the vue cinema?
yes, i also need the address and postal code, please.
great, thanks! that's all i need.
i want a place to stay. find me a hotel that includes free parking.
the west, please. and can i get free wifi?
yes, that sounds like a good choice. can you book it for me for 3 people starting saturday? thanks
i would like to stay for 3 nights.
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.
it doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.
yes please book that for the same group of people.
thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. that's all i need. goodbye.
i want to find a restaurant that serves european food and i don't care about the price range.
moderate price range please. can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?
thank you good bye
planning for a trip in cambridge.
i am looking to book a train to broxbourne on friday.
the train should depart from broxbourne and should leave on friday.
i need to arrive by 13:30 please.
great! that sounds perfect. i'm also looking for a hotel, nothing too shabby, no less than a 4 star hotel, please.
one in the west will be fine. i'll need it for friday, 4 nights, and 2 people.
perfect! thank you.
that's all i needed. thank you very much!
thank you good bye.
i need a train for cambridge, i would like to arrive by 14:15.
i'll be leaving norwich on friday.
yes. i need two tickets, please.
can you find me an expensive indian restaurant?
great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 19:15 on the same day?
nope. i think thats it. have a good one. bye for now.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
is there anything else you would recommend? can i have the address and type of food for it?
yes. what other restaurants did you find?
can i have the address of pizza hut fen ditton.
thank you good bye
i am looking for information in cambridge. looking for a place to dine.
i want somewhere expensive in the north
i would prefer french.
could you please book a reservation for me? we need a table for 8 at 12:00 on wednesday.
great, thanks. i also need to find a train to stevenage.
i would like to leave on thursday.
i need a train, going to stevenage on thursday and it needs to leave after 12:45.
please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 12:45 on thursday.
thanks for your help, that will be all.
i need a train leaving cambridge on saturday please.
i would like a train that is leaving after 18:15 and is going to peterborough.
could i please have the arrival time for the train that leaves at 18:34?
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay.
no need to book the train yet, thanks. i'd like a hotel in the south with free wifi.
i am looking for a moderately priced stay.
i'll take the alesbray lodge guesthouse, can you book it for 4 people starting on wednesday? we would be staying 3 nights.
thanks, that's all i needed. have a good day.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
can you find me one that serves european cuisine?
yes. please book for 6 people on monday at 11:30.
yes please. i will also need a train.
the train should leave on tuesday and should arrive by 21:15.
i am departing cambridge and going to kings lynn.
just myself is traveling.
can you give me the price on tickets for that?
cool, i need the length of time for the travel as well.
that is all i need today thank you.
hello! what is your favorite museum in town?
can i have the address, entrance fee, and the area it is in?
i'm also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the center of town. is there anything like that in cambridge?
aww shucks. can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's cheap?
i think i'd prefer mediterranean food. can you look again?
yes, i will like a table for 5 people on monday at 15:45.
beautiful, thank you for everything, that will be all.
i am looking for a cheap hotel in cambridge.
i'm looking for the centre area.
no, i'm not sure but i would like their address and telephone number and can you tell me what star rating this hotel has?
yes i would like to book it from tuesday for 2 nights for 7 people. can you do that for me and provide a reference number?
thanks! i'm also looking for a restaurant in the area that serves american food
what about italian?
i would like a table for 7 at 12:00 on tuesday
no. thank you for your help!
find a moderately priced place for me please.
i don't care.
on the east side of town, please.
great! what is the phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find a restaurant called "cotto"?
yes, and also the postcode.
thanks, i also need a train that leaves after 20:15 on wednesday.
i am leaving from cambridge and heading to ely.
yes, please. thank you.
yes, that's right. it's just for me.
great that's all i need, thank you.
hi! can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?
sounds great. what is the address?
is there an entrance fee for the college?
great. i'm looking for midsummer house restaurant also. can you help me book it?
i need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday.
i also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time
thank you. will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?
great. thank you for your help.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve modern eclectic food.
are there any other expensive restaurants in that area that may be nice to visit?
are any of them modern eclectic food?
dang...how about some thai food instead
yes, i'd like to book for 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday.
can you try booking at 15:45?
fantastic, can you also find me a museum attraction?
any type would be fine i just need to know the area and entrance fee of one you would recommend.
no, that is all. goodbye.
hi, can you help me find a 2 star hotel that has free wifi?
what about a cheap one?
no, i really need 2 stars. could you check for a moderate price range?
yes, i need it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on friday.
can you check again? i need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a cheap or moderate price range.
i'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 2-stars. can you look and see if there is one that meets those options?
yes i need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on friday.
yes i would like to visit some architecture in the center of town.
could you give me the phone number of great saint mary's please?
thank you, you've been very helpful. i don't need anything else. have a great day.
can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi?
is there a guesthouse available?
yes, in west cambridge.
are there any hotels in the same price range?
yes please and i need the reference number
i need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please.
yes, please and be sure to provide me the booking number, thank you.
that will be all. thank you for your help.
i want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town.
is one of them cheap?
yes, please make a reservation for thursday at 16:15. there will be 7 of us.
could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
were you able to find anything?
can you look for chinese restaurants please.
okay yes pick one, perhaps the golden house.
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
thanks so much. have a great day!
i could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4-star rated.
preferably the east.
i do not, but it should have wifi.
no, thanks, just give me the postcode.
thank you, i'm also looking for a train. can you help with that?
i am departing from stevenage anytime after 17:00. i would like to go to cambridge on monday.
can i have the price for that ticket please?
could you tell me what time that train arrives in cambridge please?
one more thing. can i have the train id, please?
thank you very much for the help.
no thanks. that was all i needed. have a good day
can you help me find a room for when i visit next week?
north please. i would also like it to include free parking.
i'd like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range please.
yes, a guesthouse would be fine.
no, can you just give me the address?
great, thanks. that is all i need. bye.
what's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?
hmm, i do like the east side of the city. can you look for one there?
no, i just need the star of the allenbell, the address, and if they have internet.
i need a train as well.
i would be departing from cambridge and going to birmingham new street.
on saturday, please. i need to arrive by 21:00.
yes, book it for 5 people.
thank you very much you were very helpful.
thank you, that is everything i need.
can you tell me whether there are colleges open to sightseers in the city center?
what is the address?
can you give me the phone number also?
i'm also looking for a cheap indian restaurant, can you recommend one for me?
sounds good. can i get their phone number and address?
no, you've taken care of everything for me today! thank you!
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
no, but price is important- anything moderately priced on your list?
i'd like a hotel that is in the moderate price range. could you recommend that for me?
what are those options?
all right, let's try that. may i get a reservation for friday and saturday night, 8 people each night?
i also need a train on sunday from cambridge to peterborough leaving after 14:15.
no, i just need to leave after 14:15 please.
great, thanks so much! that's all i need! have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.
can you confirm if the bridge guesthouse also has free parking and is in the east?
the bridge guest house would be just fine. can i get the address, phone and postcode please?
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast
no, that's great, thank you. could you reserve rooms there for 3 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
if that doesn't work, please try for sunday.
are you aware of any scottish restaurants in the south?
no, what type of cheap restaurants are there?
i prefer the portuguese restaurant.
can you book for the same group of people at 12:00 the same day?
thank you! what is the reference number please?
thank you. that is all for today.
hello! i need to find a train leaving wednesday.
i need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by 09:15.
i need one that can fit three people. i need three tickets.
i prefer to arrive by 08:07. can you suggest a cheap greek restaurant? i'd like a reservation for 3 people at 10:00. please provide reference numbers.
thank you. once you provide me with the reference number that is all i need.
i also like asian oriental.
i would like to be in the centre of town.
cheap price sounds good to me.
that's all i need for now. thanks for the help.
i'm looking for a train leaving after 10:30.
i'll be leaving from leicester and want to go to cambridge.
all right. i need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.
i need a hotel in the north that has free parking.
no not really, i would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though.
perfect. i'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.
yes it is.
no thank you that will be all. thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!
looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the north and should be in the type of mutliple sports
i want to stay in the north. are there any attractions with boats?
i would like their phone number, entrance fee, and address.
i also need a hotel. one with free wifi and not too expensive.
okay let's try the acorn guesthouse.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i actually won't need a booking. can you tell me the star of the hotel and if they offer free parking?
no, thank you. could i get the entrance fee of the riverboat georgina?
yes the phone number would be great. what are their hours?
no that is it for now thanks
i am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 15:00.
i'm going to bishops stortford.
yes please and i need the price and arrival time
just 1 ticket please.
yes, i would like to find an expensive austrian food.
oh, that's too bad. i do need something in the center. is there any british food?
i'd like something expensive please.
yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. i need a reservation for monday at 10:15. 2 people please.
great! thank you! that's all i need.
yes, i am looking for a hotel please. i would need free wifi and free parking.
i don't have a preference but i would like it to be 4 stars?
any price range is fine. i just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on saturday.
no that is all i needed today. thank you.
i am coming to visit cambridge. would you happen to be able to find me a park to go to?
i don't care about the area. can you suggest one?
i would need the area and address, please.
yes. can you help me find a hotel? a nice 4-star place, if that's possible.
do you have a hotel that is in the south with free parking?
how about guesthouse style places? are there any of those available?
that sounds lovely. please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.
thanks for your help!
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
no, it just needs to be in the moderate price range. i prefer guesthouses.
that does not matter. what ones have availability for 7 people for 2 nights starting on saturday?
i would like 3 stars or higher please
try booking the bridge house please.
yes please if it's in the same price range.
yes, please. and i will need the reference number.
okay great. that is all i need.
i am looking for a train departing from cambridge after 10:00.
i didn't tell you where i am going, how could you book it without that information?
actually i need a train for sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 10:00.
yes, please make the booking for 1 person.
thank you i'am also looking for hotel called alexander bed and breakfast
no. thank you. can i have the address please?
that takes care of everything for today. thank you!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking.
i'm flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a guesthouse that also had free wifi.
not right now. could i have the phone number for the alexander bed and breakfast?
no, that is all i need today. thank you!
yes i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars.
i'd like a hotel in the east part of the city.
that;s too bad...so what do you have? other part of town?
lets go for the one in the centre please. can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting monday. oh and can i get the reference number?
yes as long as it's in the same price range that will be fine. i need the reference number too.
in the same price range as the other hotels.
wonderful-thanks. can you send me the address and phone number of the establishment?
okay great. that is all i need. thank you.
what is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town?
thanks so much!
no, thank you.
hello, can you give me some information on a train?
i plan to go to cambridge and will be departing from norwich on saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.
can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
yes, i need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
it needs to have free parking.
i'd like to find a turkish restaurant in the center of town.
an expensive restaurant would be nice.
yes please, can i reserve for 6 people at 12:15 on tuesday?
could i have the reference number please
yes, i'm looking for a college to visit.
the centre around the same area as the restaurant do you have any suggestions?
that's a great suggestion. thanks. i will also need a taxi between the college and the restaurant, please.
i just need it to arrive by 12:15 for the reservation.
thank you so much!, have a great day!
thank you good bye.
i'm looking for a place called hakka.
what is the price range there, i can spend too much just eating.
that's no problem. i also was interested in finding a train though.
i am leaving from cambridge and headed to a wedding in broxbourne.
can you please check again? from cambridge to broxbourne, wednesday after 8:30.
can you book 2 tickets for me please?
great that was all i needed today.
i'd like a place that serves world food in the east part of town.
how about indian food?
i would like the address and phone number of curry prince.
no, thank you goobye.
i'm looking to get some information on the alpha-milton guest house
not yet, but can you tell me the postcode for this guesthouse?
no, thanks. that's all i needed. have a great day. bye!
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called worth house.
yes please. i need three nights for one person starting this friday. and can i get a reference number?
thank you so much for your help today.
can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting friday at the express by holiday inn in cambridge.
actually, i change my mind. i can arrange the booking myself. can you just let me know if they offer free wifi?
thank you for all your help today.
can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre?
are any of them in the cheap price range?
which one would you recommend?
as long as it's in the same area and price range, i guess i can try it. please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on wednesday.
another, same area and price range please.
great thank you for your help that's all i needed today.
can't wait to come party at one of your nightclubs in town.
pick a good one for me. i need the phone number and postcode for it too.
can you give me information on a restaurant called sala thong?
thanks, that is all for today. goodbye.
i need a guest house to stay in. what do you have?
i don't really have a preference. i just need free wifi.
yes i'd like to book that for 1, starting monday for 3 nights. also could i have the reference number for that?
i also need a train to cambridge.
i need a train form cambridge on monday arriving at leicester by 12.
later time. book for the same amount of people though.
yes that is fine and a reference number please
thank you so much. that is all i need for today. bye.
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the centre.
i am actually looking for a lively gastropub.
the slug and lettuce sounds interesting. can i have the postcode, address, and phone number please?
i am also looking for an entertainment attraction in the same area of town that the restaurant is in, can you help with that?
is there anything listed as simply "entertainment" in the center?
please try a college, instead. could i get the postcode and phone number?
thank you so very much that is exactly what i was looking for! thank you and have a great day.
hello, i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
area doesn't matter. can you pick one to recommend?
yes, can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on thursday. could i have the reference number please?
thanks all i need thanks !
we will be in the west part of town and would like to go to a restaurant while we are there.
i would like an indian food restaurant in the expensive range.
yes, please. i need a table for one at 17:00 on tuesday.
can you tell me if there is a concerthall in the same area as this restaurant, if not is there a museum?
okay, could you give me the entrance fee and phone number information for your favorite museum there?
thanks! i don't need any more help today. bye!
can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? something that's moderately priced would be best.
tell me about the indian restaurants.
great! i would like to book at table at curry prince.
just myself, at 14:30 on thursday, please.
how about 13:30?
yes, i am also looking for information on trains going from cambridge to bishops stortford.
i will be leaving on friday.
yes, i will need to be at bishops stortford before 16:15.
please. can you also provide me with the reference number?
oh, sorry about that! same as the restaurant, so just 1.
thank you so much, goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is moderately priced
sure, can we try gastropub food?
yes please. but you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 17:30 on thursday.
yes please, give me the reference number
i'll also need a train from cambridge.
i want to get to london kings crossing.
i need to leave sunday after 16:15.
can you book me 3 tickets please?
thank you for all your help.
yes, that's all. thank you.
i want a cheap, european restaurant please.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you good bye.
i am looking for a restaurant called efes restaurant.
yes please, just for 1 on sunday at 18:45. i will need a reference number as well.
thanks. i'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the college category.
i will take one that you recommend. i will need the postcode and address.
what's the address for churchill college?
can i get the postcode as well for it?
wonderful. thank you so much for this! have a great day.
i am looking for a place to stay. it should have free wifi and free parking.
i'd like to stay in the north part of town.
i would like it to be in the moderate price range. can you help me make a booking somewhere that fits what i need or should i go elsewhere?
does it have free wifi and parking?
perfect. i'd like to book it from thursday for 5 people. we'll be staying for 5 nights.
yes. i also need a train from cambridge to birmingham new street.
no i just need the departure time and the train id please
i will be traveling on monday.
i need it to arrive by 18:15.
no, that's everything i needed today. you were very helpful, thank you!
hello i need to go to cambridge and will be leaving on saturday from norwich, can you tell me what my train options are?
yes, i would like to depart any time after 20:15.
yes. can you give me the train id and the travel time?
i would also like to book a 4 star guesthouse
yes, i'd like something in the north, and in the moderate price range, please.
i need to book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
thank you! that's all i needed.
could you please find me somewhere to stay? i need a moderately priced hotel but i'm not fussy about parking
i really like the north. it seems much more peaceful.
is it a 4 star? if so, can you give me the phone number?
either way is fine with me. what's the phone number?
i also would like to find chinese food in the north.
no, could you just reserve a table for 4 at 11:45 thurs and i'll need the ref # too please
no, that will be all. thank you!
i need a restaurant serving swiss food in the centre of town.
how about chinese instead?
price range doesn't matter. can i have the address of a place that sounds good?
yes, i also need a train that departs from ely on wednesday.
i need to arrive in cambridge by 17:30, so whatever arrives closest to that time would be great.
what is the price?
yes please. can you provide me with the ticket information?
i just need 1 ticket please.
awesome. that will be everything!
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food.
yes. i'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best indian restaurant there is.
of course!
that's it. thank you.
hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 4-star hotel, please?
it needs to have free parking
yes, please book it for 4 nights starting saturday.
there are 6 people. can i have a reference number please after you are done with the booking?
could you tell me if there is a multiple sports place in the centre of town?
will you check for colleges instead?
that sounds good. can i get their phone number and entrance fee please?
i guess i just need a phone number for christ's college. then, i'll be all set!
no problem. after i have the number, that is all i need for tonight.
hi, could you help me with my plans? i am looking for a train.
i will be departing from cambridge and going into ely on saturday.
i would like to arrive in ely by 11:15. could you please tell me the price and what the departure time is?
i see it arrives at 10:07 but so you have the departure time?
yes, please book it.
i'm sorry, i just needed the train info. however, i need a place to stay in the north preferably with parking. can you assist?
no, it should include free wifi.
is hamilton lodge located in the north area of town?
yes i need to book it for 5 people. we will be staying 5 nights starting monday.
yes, is hamilton lodge a guesthouse or hotel? i prefer a hotel.
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 5 days.
thank you. appreciate all the help.
no i appreciate your help. goodbye.
i need informant on trains.
i'd like a train from cambridge to london liverpool street, arriving by 21:30 on tuesday.
sure. could you tell me the typical travel time, and price for a ticket?
no. could you please find me a restaurant in the center of town in the expensive price range?
what are the expensive ones?
could i have the postcode of one that you recommend?
no that is it for today. thanks for helping
can you tell me what colleges are open to tourists on the west side of town?
ok, can i get a phone number for the magdalene?
i'm also looking for a thai restaurant.
the restaurant should be in the same area as the attraction and in the the expensive price range
yes please. i'd like the address with postcode, and a phone number.
okay, that's all that i need. goodbye.
hi, i am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
i would like a hotel on the west side of cambridge. i prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.
i want the cheap one.
please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
i am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
is there a theater in the centre?
any of those places are fine. could i have the address of one of them?
great, thanks. i also need a place to stay that is also in the centre. a guesthouse is my preference if available.
please book the one that has free parking.
i would like the 4 star one. i need it starting thursday for 4 nights and 6 people.
thank you very much, that is everything i need.
no thank you. have a great day!
can you tell me where i can find an expensive chinese restaurant?
i would prefer the city centre please.
i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on sunday.
will try another one in the same area and price range? if you can book it, will you give me the reference number?
no, that is all. thank you, good bye.
hi. i am looking for information about a hotel called home from home.
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information
no, thanks. i do need to look for a train, too. can you help me?
i need to leave from cambridge and go to broxbourne on thursday.
i need tickets for 4 people. i need something that leaves after 10:45 as well.
no any of them are fine. please give me the reference number too.
no, thanks, that was all i needed.
i'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. i'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the north.
choose the one with the best reputation for me. i will need the address and entrance fee as well please.
thanks. can you help me find a mediterranean restaurant as well?
i need it to be in the expensive price range and i'm looking for a table for 4.
monday, for 4 people at 15:00.
thank you. going back to the kings hedges learner pool, what is the entrance fee?
do any of the swimming pools in the north show an entrance fee?
that's okay, but i would like to book a taxi between the two places, please.
thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 15:00, right?
no, thanks. that's all i needed.
i would like the address to the carolina bed and breakfast hotel in cambridge.
what is the price range of the carolina bed and breakfast?
thanks, i'm also looking for places to go in town. i'm particularly interested in colleges. any recommendations?
you can choose which ever is best, can i have the postcode?
no that takes care of it,thank you
hi, i am looking for an attraction called queen's college. can you give me some information about it please?
thank you for your help!
im looking for a place to stay with a moderate price and has wifi
i would like something in the centre, with free wifi and free parking.
yes can you please do that for me thank you!
can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from tuesday?
how about in the north area?
i'd prefer a hotel please.
sure. that works for me. i need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on tuesday.
thanks i also need a taxi.
i would like the taxi to leave the hotel by 21:15.
i want to go towards the hotel
thanks you very much
no, that pretty much takes care of it. have a nice day.
hi, could you find me a train that leaves on thursday from bishops stortford?
i am headed to cambridge. also, i will be out late the night prior so please nothing before 10:00
no, not yet. i just really need to know the travel time for now.
thanks! i also need a place to stay with free parking and a 3 star rating.
i would prefer a hotel in the centre of town please.
can you please provide the address of the gonville hotel?
no, i think that should do it. thanks a lot. take care. bye.
i'd like to find somewhere to eat in the centre.
yes, i was hoping for modern global food.
how about a spanish one?
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at 18:30 on wednesday.
could you also tell me if there are any trains available arriving in cambridge that day?
i am coming for birmingham new street, would like to arrive on wednesday at 10:45.
can i have the departure time and price of train tr7329?
thank you, that's all i need.
i am traveling to cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and i am looking for a restaurant call the varsity restaurant.
yes please. can you make it for 7 people on sunday at 15:00?
could we make it for 14:00.
i sure would, thanks.
i'm also looking for places to go in town. can you assist me with that also?
sounds great, but i actually would prefer to maybe visit a college campus. can you recommend one?
can i get the postcode?
yes, i need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant. i want to make sure it arrives by my reserved time.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. what is the address and food?
thank you
i'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
i'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. what do you have available?
sure. can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting saturday? i also need the reference number.
thank you. i am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 19:30.
going to broxbourne on monday.
yes, it will. can you book 5 tickets for me please?
no thank you that is all i need today.
i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
how about the center in a moderate price range.
yes, please. do they have any openings on monday at 17:45? there will be 2 of us.
hmm, well ok. how about at 16:45 instead?
no, that will be all.
i need a train to stevenage on saturday.
much later, i can't leave any earlier than 16:15.
ok can you book it for me with a confirm number
thank you. can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is expensive. i would like free wifi and in the east.
i would like to book that for one person for two nights starting thursday
a reference number
great, thanks for your help!
that is all, thanks!
hi, i am looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.
i don't mind what type of hotel. but it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.
yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.
starting from sunday, please.
thanks can i also get a restaurant? i am looking for one in the centre of town serving korean food
no, but i will need a taxi to the restaurant. i'll need to get from the alexander b&b to little seoul, leaving the hotel at 13:30.
thanks for you're help. may i also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.
thank you for all your help!
i need a place to stay in the south of town.
moderately priced would be great, and i really need it to have wifi.
i think i'd like bridge guest house please. can you book it?
we will arrive on tuesday and stay for 4 nights. there will be 2 of us.
great, thank you! we will also want to try a moderately priced indian restaurant. are there restaurants like that in cambridge?
the same area as my hotel.
how about one in the north?
yes, please! i need a table for 2 on tuesday at 16:15?
i need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 16:15. it will pick me up at bridge guest house
that is great. thank you
no, that is all i need. thank you so much.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in. i don't care about parking, though.
i ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars, a guesthouse, in the east, and i don't need free parking.
perfect! let's book it for two nights starting saturday. there are five people in my party. i will also need the reference number.
can you suggest another place, is there a hotel with 4 stars in that area?
yes. i want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
that's it for now, thank you so much.
hello, i am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town. any ideas?
either would be fine. i would like it to have a five star rating.
is there a 4 star hotel available in the west part of town?
sure, let's go with the cambridge belfry. please give me its postcode and address.
no that's fine for now.
i am interested in finding local indian restaurants to visit during my trip to cambridge.
moderate price range, please.
i also need a place to stay and should be a guesthouse
i am looking for a hotel in the east.
the price doesn't matter. but i need a reservation starting on friday.
5 people and 4 nights.
anywhere is fine, it just needs to be moderately priced.
no, any is fine really.
not yet. what part of town is it in?
can you make a reservation for me, please?
it will be dinner for 5 people.
no actually i don;t need a reservation. i just need to find a hotel that is a guesthouse with free parking, and in the east and moderately priced.
no, i only need one.
i only need one booking.
thanks for your help. have a great day
i need to book a train that departs after 14:30 from broxbourne please.
i need a train to cambridge, please.
i'll be leaving broxbourne tuesday.
i don't need to book right now. could you just give me the train id. i'll need one that leaves after 14:30 tuesday.
yes, im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 4 stars.
no preference on either. can you recommend me a place and can i get a postcode for that guesthouse?
yes, that sounds great.
i'm not sure, actually. just doing some research. could you tell me what the price range is on the warkworth?
yes that is fine.
no thank you. that is it.
im looking for places to go in cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area
no, i need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?
yes, can i have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!?
thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area?
i don't have a food preference type. i just want something expensive.
anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 19:15.
can you try 18:15?
yes, i need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. make sure i arrive by my reservation time please.
no, that should be all i need. thank you for your help! goodbye!
i'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after 18:15.
i'll be leaving cambridge on tuesday.
no thanks, i need one going from cambridge to leicester. are there any that meet my needs?
yes please for 1 person.
thank you. i'm also looking for a place to stay in the east with free parking.
the hotel should be in the moderate price range.
great. i need to make a reservation for saturday.
it will be 2 nights and for 1 person.
yes please. i would like it for one person for 2 nights.
that will be it for now. thanks
hi there. i heard someone mention the bloomsbury restaurant and i was wondering if you could give me some information for them.
i'd like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on sunday.
no, that's all i need. thanks for your help.
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves christmas food. do you know of any?
do you know of any restaurants that offer italian food that is moderately priced?
i changed my mind. could you find a restaurant that serves asian oriental food?
yes, a table for six, please.
wednesday at 13:00, if that's available.
how about 12:00?
i would also like to go to a museum nearby in the south part of town. please also give me its address and entrance fee.
no that is it. thank you so much.
thank you again.
i will. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
i would prefer a guest house and free wifi please.
nope. have any recommendations?
okay, i'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring sunday, and i need a reference number. i'd also like a train to broxbourne thursday.
yes it should be, is the one booked departing from cambridge?
thanks. i'm good then.
yes, i need to book my train. i need it to arrive by 17:30, please.
yes. i will need 8 tickets for the train.
i think that is it. thanks so much for your help!
i'm looking for a hotel in the east, and i'd like free wifi please.
does that hotel include free parking and have 2 stars?
no, thank you, that's all i need.
actually, i also need a moderate priced restaurant in the same area.
well, everyone said it s my choice, so i think i would like italian.
could you provide me with the address, phone number and postcode?
ok, thank you, that is everything that i need.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
can i get the address and phone number?
for both please
thank you and goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.
no, sorry. i'm looking for a hotel in the centre, not north.
what is the address and price range
no, but i do need the address and postcode.
i'm also looking for a college in the same area.
how about one with free entrance. may i have their address and postcode, please?
no that will be everything, thank you!
i could really go for some italian food - is there a good place in the city centre?
no price range but can you check in the centre of town?
yes. luncheon for 7 at 12:45 this monday, or 11:45 if the later is not available. please get me a confirmation number too please.
great. are there any interesting places to go in the area of that restaurant?
i was looking for a college.
great. can i have the phone number?
just a taxi from the church to the restaurant by the booking time please
great! thanks for all your help today!
thanks again for all of your help, you've been great!
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food
how about chinese food?
cheap, i think.
what is the address?
thank you goodbye.
goodbye.
can you help me find a place to stay with free parking?
i'd like to stick to a moderate price range.
i would like to stay in town centr
actually, the area doesn't matter. i just need a 4-star hotel in the moderate price range.
i really would like a hotel not a guesthouse, can you please search again - open to all areas.
can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range with free parking?
there is no certain area but i'd prefer a hotel.
i apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. i would like it to have free parking, be 4 star, moderately priced, and the area doesn't matter.
great, can you please book it for me? there will be 7 of us staying
i will be arriving on tuesday and staying for two days please.
no that is all thank you very much
can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites?
then how about one that serves european food?
do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on friday?
thank you for your help.
good day. i'm headed into town and i need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi please
the area doesn't matter, but i would like it to be in the moderate price range.
okay, i'll try it out! book me for 6 people, 2 nights starting this monday.
thank you. yes, i also need to find a moderately priced italian restaurant.
i would refer in the center and as long as it's moderate pricing.
yes, let's go for the one in regent street city centre. it will be on monday, at 19:15, and there will be 6 people.
thank you that will be all
i am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town.
is there anything else? and what is the address and phone number?
no that is all. thank you!
i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge
i need to get there by 20:30 on wednesday.
can you get me there a little bit earlier?
there will be 8 of us.
i also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 4 star
which of those have free wifi?
any price point is fine as long as it is 4 star and has free parking.
sure, can i have a reference number?
actually, i change my mind. i will take care of the booking later. thanks for your help. goodbye.
what sort of dining does cambridge offer in the centre, in the moderate price range?
i would like some christmas food.
how about somewhere with lebanese food?
that will work can you make a reservation and send me the reference number please?
tuesday please at 18:15 for 6 people.
i 'd like to find a hotel in the same area, one with three stars.
does it have free wifi?
that sounds perfect. can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on tuesday for 6 people?
thanks, you have been very helpful. that is all i needed. bye.
i would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced moderate.
it doesn't matter, but i do need it to have free internet.
yes please. book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from monday.
ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from monday.
we would like to eat near the hotel, something austrian!
darn, okay, how about italian instead?
yes please. can i make the reservation for monday at 19:00 for 8 people?
what kind of car is reserved?
yes. please let me know the contact number and car type for the taxi.
thank you that will be all all
i am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city.
are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town?
sure, a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range would be great.
yes, book me the anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on friday.
yes please try booking that.
great! thank you so much for your help. that will be all.
i need a place to go in the centre.
i am looking for an attraction in the centre please.
great. i need to find a place to eat too that has indian food near the centre of town.
yes, please book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on tuesday.
nope, that's all i need today. thank you for your help!
can you help me find a train leaving after 18:00 on wednesday?
i want to leave after 18:00 to broxbourne from cambridge.
how much is the price per ticket?
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.
i would like a hotel in the north side with four stars, please.
no but it needs to be a guesthouse.
please, for 7 people, 4 nights. the same day as my train. what was the travel time on that train again?
thank you, that is all the information i needed.
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.
i'll be traveling on monday, and yes, i'm going to cambridge.
arrive by 09:30 and should go to cambridge and i need nthe price
not right now, but can you find me a gastropub restaurant in the centre of town?
i would like an expensive price range.
sounds good. can you reserve a table for 6 at 15:00 on the same day i'm traveling?
no thanks. i think that's all i needed. goodbye.
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
can i get the food type and postcode of one you'd recommend?
okay thank you very much.
not at this time. thank you for everything.
yes, i'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side. do you know of anything?
yes. please give me the telephone number.
thanks! now could you make a reservation for me? i need a table for 1 on saturday at 12:15, please.
how about 11:15?
may i have the reference number please?
thank you so much, that is all i needed!
can you find me attractions in the centre?
could you give me a few different options?
could you provide me the address of all saints church?
yes, i also need a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of the city.
i need it for four people on thursday, at 11:00.
thanks, that's all i needed today. i appreciate your help.
i'm looking for a polish restaurant in the centre of town.
hmmm, i do need something cheap. are you sure there are no polish places? my friend told me there was a good one.
well, let's try the asian oriental food instead.
i need a table for 6 people at 11:30 on saturday, please.
let's do the dojo noodle bar.
great. i also need to find some places to go to around the same area. can you help me with that?
i was hoping you could make some suggestions.
can i get the address for little saint mary's church?
ok. thanks. all set.
i need a place to stay that is cheap.
i would like a guesthouse type of place with free parking.
the star rating doesn't matter. which one is the best?
could you help me choose a train running from stansted airport to cambridge?
i need to leave on sunday after 21:15 please.
yes, that would be great.
actually just tell me how long the trip is
i also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.
i would like a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, please.
i don't care what area. can you double check please? i also need wifi.
sure, let me know what is available.
yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting friday?
thanks for your help. have a great day.
can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
shopping and maybe a mini mall and i need address, postcode, and attraction type
where would you recommend?
sounds good, thanks! i'm also looking for information about a restaurant called eraina.
can you book me a table please?
book it for 14:30 on wednesday for 5 people
thank you that is all i need.
hi, i'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the south of cambridge.
yes please. a table for 2 at 15:30 on thursday would be great.
yes. i'd also like to go to a museum in the same area.
yes, can i purchase the tickets now or do i need to buy them at the door?
can i please get a phone number?
yeah, that should be all, thank you.
could you give me some details for carolina bed and breakfast?
no, that sounds wonderful. can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on friday? it will just be myself.
no, that's all i need. thanks for your help.
i need a place to stay
price doesn't matter but would like a 4 star hotel in the west that includes free parking.
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
thanks. can you give me some information about the varsity restaurant?
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 at 12:00 on tuesday.
great, thank you so much!
no thank you! thanks for all your help!
thank you, you as well.
hi, i am planning a trip and need some help finding a place to stay.
i would love a guesthouse but i do need wifi. do you have any like that?
no the area doesn't matter, and i know this sounds strange but i'm looking for a guesthouse with a 1 star rating.
could you possible check in the surrounding areas? i might as well also get a list of 2 star rated hotels. do you mind?
okay, how about the one in the est please?
yes i would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from saturday.
may i get the reference number?
great thanks i also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 05:00
i want to leave the hotel by 05:00. going to the attraction.
somewhere in the south, sorry need the phone # and admission fee
can you make a recommendation?
great, can i have the phone number and reference fee.
please send info on tenpin. thanks for the help.
thank you for the help. that's all for now.
i need to find a train leaving cambridge after 12:15.
that will be london king's cross, and i'll be travelling on tuesday.
yes, i need 6 of them.
i also need a hotel. do not need free parking.
i need something in the south area.
maybe try one with free parking.
that would be fine. can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
thank you, that will be all. good bye.
i need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
i would like to stay in the moderate price range.
that's perfect, i was looking for a guesthouse. i'm still planning. could you just give me the postcode for now?
do they have free parking?
yes i need a cheap restaurant in the cambridge area on the north side of town. what do you suggest?
okay can you book me a table for saturday at 19:45 for 3 people? i would also like the reference number for the booking.
yes, i also need a place to stay. i would prefer at least 4 stars and free parking.
i would like the place to have the same price range as the restaurant, so cheap.
i would prefer one that has free parking and a star rating of 4.
okay, could you also tell me the area of the hotel?
yes, that's perfect. thank you for all of your help!
saturday at 19:45
actually, i will go ahead and make a reservation for a later time. but, thank you for all the info. i think that is all i needed.
my cousin told me about a place called the fez club.
can i get the postcode, address, and phone number for it? i also am looking for a place to eat.
anything is good as long as it is in the centre
i would like something moderately priced.
i've never had british food. let's try that. can you tell me some info on that one?
can you book that for me?
let's say 17:30. is there a reservation available at that time?
on second thought, i'm not ready to book yet. i need to talk to my wife. can you just get me the post code for oak bistro?
great thank you. that will be all. goodbye
i am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city.
i'd like it to include free parking and be in the north please.
is that a guesthouse? i would really like that.
you certainly can, thank you. i will be the only guest and i'd like to check in for 2 nights starting wednesday.
yes, 1 night would be fine.
great! that's all, thanks!
hello. i need to book a train ride from ely going to cambridge, can you help me with that?
i'll be leaving on saturday after 12:00.
no, i do not. i would, however, like to know the travel time.
could you please confirm that train id number with the travel time for me?
thank you. i'd also like to find a hotel.
i would like a hotel in the north area in the moderate price range.
what is the address for the ashley hotel?
well that's all i needed. you have been very helpful today.
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
the el shaddai in the centre
i need it for four people and four nights starting monday.
lets try city centre north b and b, if that is not successful, any hotel in the same price range
thank you so much for your help. have a nice day. bye.
i want to find an expensive indian restaurant.
i'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.
what is the postal code for the curry garden?
ok, great thanks. can you also help me find a train going to stevenage?
sorry, i'm looking for a train to stevenage arriving by 14:00 on friday.
no booking necessary, but could you tell me the travel time?
sounds good thank you.
yes i would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town.
italian. would you reserve a table for 5 for me? i'd like that to be at 14:00 on tuesday.
sure, let's do that.
no thanks for all your help
i'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on sunday.
i would like to go to stevenage by 14:00.
yes please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.
i am also looking for a place to stay.
somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and expensive.
can you try those same things but in the moderate price range?
yes, could i book one for 4 nights starting from wednesday?
2 people and 1 dog
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i would like to find a restuarant called la raza. will you help me?
yes. i need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 17:45.
yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for wednesday i can also do tuesday. i will need a reference number with that.
i am also looking for some information about queen's college.
can i get the postcode please?
could i also have the address of the college?
thank you for your help!
no that is enough for today
i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.
not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 3 on tuesday. at 3:45 in the afternoon?
hi, could you help me find a train departing from london kings cross?
i'll be going to cambridge on thursday.
i'd like to arrive by 20:00.
sounds great. when will that be leaving the station?
get me the price. also find me a 4 star hotel in the north
what about a guesthouse in the north? can you find me one?
can you just tell me the address please?
can you book the room for me?
i don't need to book a hotel just need the address and price range.
that is all, thank you.
i am trying to find the cityroomz hotel.
no thank you. that is a hotel and not a guesthouse right?
no thank you. could you tell me if there is anything to do on the westside?
anything is fine, thanks
sounds great, can i get the address and phone number to that museum please?
no that's all i need for now. thank you for your help!
i want a place with austrian food.
ok, how about a place with spanish food?
thanks for your help! goodbye.
hello, is panahar still serving lunch specials?
yes can you help me book a hotel?
i'm sorry. i don't need a hotel. i do need to make a reservation for a table at panahar for wednesday afternoon. can you help me with that?
i will need it for four people please.
13:30, wednesday, 7 people.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should be a 2 star hotel with free wifi and parking.
really? there are no 2 star hotels with wifi/parking in all of cambridge?
east is find and i would need the postcode, and price range
and what is the price range? is it relatively cheap or pricey?
i think i will hold off on booking for now. thanks for everything, that's all i need for today.
i'm looking for places to go in town.
in the east, please.
i would like a cheap place to stay at with 5 stars.
are there any 4 star places i can stay? i also need free internet.
i am not particular.
yes, i want that from sunday on for 4 nights. 3 people will be staying.
thank you that will be all i need today?
i need information on the aylesbray lodge guest house, please.
that is good. can i please book it?
before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?
what is the entrance fee for the milton country park?
the milton park will do wonderfully, i will need a cab.
i'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant
i prefer chinese food
oh, i have no idea. can you just reserve tell me your favorite one? i'll need a postcode for it.
i would like to visit a college in the same area as the noodle bar, can you find me one?
how about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.
great, thanks! also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 05:45?
no, that's it. thank you very much.
thanks again. that was all i needed.
hello, can you recommend a hotel in the north of town with free parking, please?
are either of those guesthouses in the moderate price range?
book ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from saturday
thank you for handling the lodging. i am looking for something to do in the area by the hotel. any suggestions?
i like the sound of that. can you tell me the type and entrance fee please?
i also need a taxi to between the 2 places. i need to leave milton county park by 12:15.
i'll be leaving from the hotel.
i'll be leaving from the park.
that's it for me. thank you, bye!
looking for an expensive restaurant
are there any in the east part of town?
what is the phone number and post code of pipasha restaurant?
thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves crossover food?
how about an indian restaurant?
i would like an expensive indian restaurant in cambridge please, the area is not important.
no at this time. i'm also looking for attractions in the centre area.
i enjoy all of those. could you make me a recommendation?
no, anything but a night club. what else can you recommend in the centre area?
thank you. i will need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the boat. can you book that for me?
i would like to leave by 24:30.
that will be all, thank you for your help. have a great day!
are there any colleges in the west.
can i have the address, phone number, and entrance fee please ?
i am also interested in a restaurant in the same area
i want to eat some traditional food, i'm on a budget so it needs to be cheap!
how about trying italian food?
yeah, could i book a table for 3 on saturday at 11:45?
thank you for your help!
no, i think that is all for today. you have been great. thank you for your help.
i need information on the university arms hotel.
yes. please book for me a table for thee tommorow diner at 8 pm
i need more info. does the hotel have free parking and what is the price range?
okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves cantonese food in the city center?
are there any that serve north american food?
i just need their phone number.
no i am good for now, thanks for all of your help.
can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to cambridge?
i am leaving from peterborough after 12:30.
depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30, can you book it and i need travel time and price
no need for a booking. i do need a total travel time, however.
great, i also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the west.
not as of now, i am just gathering information.
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from tuesday.
that is it for now. thanks for helping
i need help finding a hotel called lovell lodge.
yes please. the reservation is for 1 person. the reservation should be for 2 nights beginning on wednesday.
how about for only 1 night?
great i also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range please.
yes, i'd love to eat somewhere that serves british food so i can get the full experience, you know?
that sounds fine. please book that one.
actually, come to think of it i will book it later. can i please get the address, postcode and phone number please?
that is all for now. thanks
i need info on a train that'll take me to cambridge and leave after 9:00.
yes, i need to arrive no later than 17:00.
what is the price?
no i do need a place to stay in the south.
no but i would prefer a guesthouse with a 3 star rating.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i need to book the room for 2 people for 2 nights, starting on wednesday.
thanks for you assistance, that will be all today.
thank you very much.
can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to cambridge?
departing from broxbourne and leaving after 17:00.
yes please. i need reservations for two people.
thanks. i am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the north part of town.
could you please double check to make sure? if that's really the case then try the center
can i get more info on the 3 star one?
yes, for 4 nights from thursday, and 2 people.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.
can you give me the address and phone number?
wonderful. thank you for your help.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food.
ok, how about an italian restaurant?
what is the phone number for prezzo?
thank you, goodbye
i need a place to eat in the moderate price range.
i'm interested in international food.
i will choose the bloomsbury restaurant, thanks.
sure. i'd like it for 11:45 on thursday. there will be 3 people.
sure, take your time.
i also need a place to stay with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.
yes, i prefer the north and i must have free wifi, please.
as long as it's moderately priced and meets my needs, i will take your recommendation. i don't care about star ratings or type of lodging.
no i just need the get star of the hotel and postcode
do they have internet?
i am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves turkish food. can you help me?
great! can i get the address of one of them.
i need the address, post code and price range for the efes restaurant.
thanks i also need a train going to stevenage on thursday.
well, i'd like to get there by 12:00 or a little before, so is there a train at 09:21 or 10:21? i'll need 1 ticket.
ok, can i get one ticket please?
well thanks a lot. you were great help.
nope thats everything thanks
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves cuban food.
could you look for chinese restaurants instead?
can i get the address and phone number of charlie chan, please?
thank you, that is all i need. goodbye!
hi. i would like help finding an indian restaurant to eat at.
east or south
i am looking for something expensive. if the taj is expensive i would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on thursday at 14:00.
yes could you also find me information on things to do in town that involve colleges?
i would like the college to be somewhere near the restaurant you booked for me. can you also give me a postcode for the college.
that sounds great, thank you for your help.
no, that was everything, thank you.
do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side?
the guest house, please.
no thank you, but could you tell me the phone number? and do they have free internet?
thank you so much!
i am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.
i was thinking a guesthouse on the east side of town
i can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a cheap hotel will do as well.
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from friday
no, that's it. thank you for all your help.
wait! i forgot something. can you also tell me about a place called saint john's college?
what area is it located ?
no. but i do need a taxi from the hotel to the college.
yes, of course, how could i forget?! i'd like to leave the hotel by 16:45. are you able to book for that time?
thank you, that's all i need today.
okay, well, again, i really appreciate all the help you gave me.
hi. i need to find a hotel, can you help me?
i would like to stay in the northern area. i don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet.
i prefer a hotel.
how much is each hotel?
pick one for me. book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
i am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross.
i'd like to leave on monday after 8:30.
just one person please.
that's all i need today, thanks!
i'm looking for a train headed to cambridge that leaves after 8:00 am. can you help?
i will leave from cambridge to kings lynn.
no, sorry, i had that backwards. i need a train from kings lynn to cambridge on monday after 08:00
yes can i get the train id and arrival time please?
i'd also like to find an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
in the north.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
2 people, on monday at 14:00
have a nice day.
i want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.
i would like to try some german food please.
lets change it to chinese food, anything?
that sounds good. can you book it for sunday at 13:30 for 6 people?
as long as they are moderate priced. the shanghai sounds good.
yes i need a reference number for the booking.
no thank you that will be all.
i want to find a restaurant serving basque food. i don't care about the price range
yes, international food
i don't care.
can i have the address please?
thank you, goodbye.
goodbye.
what are some nice, expensive restaurants in the center of town?
i would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on tuesday at the bedouin, please. and may i have the reference number when it's booked?
yes i need a hotel with free wi-fi.
how about near the restaurant?
is that one expensive? i would like an expensive, 4-star hotel.
sounds great! please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on tuesday.
yes i also need to book a taxi to take us between the hotel and the restaurant. i will need the car type and a contact number for the booking.
i would like to get the taxi to get me there by 18:15 please
thank you for your help.
no. thank you, you have been very helpful.
thank you good bye.
i need a place to dine for my upcoming trip. i can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
i would like a cheap chinese place.
the west please.
is there one with venetian food?
any expensive indian food in the west?
yes please. for monday at 12:00 for 5 people. i'll need the reference number as well.
thanks for everything, this is great
hi! i'm looking for a cheap place with free wifi. what are my options?
no particular area, but i'd like it to be a guesthouse.
i need to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting wednesday. can you give me a reference number?
thanks, i also need to find a train for monday.
i need to go to london kings cross from cambridge.
i would like to leave after 19:00, other than that, i have no other preference. please provide me with the train id of one of these trains.
yes, that will work. thank you for your help!
sorry, i'm actually not interested in a booking today, i just needed a train id. i think that will be all!
i am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse.
i am not particular as long as it has free parking and free wifi.
that would be great. there will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on saturday for 2 nights.
yes one in the same price range.
thanks so much. i won't be needing anything else right now. bye.
i am looking for a place to eat. do you know any places in the centre of town with a moderate price?
i would like the restaurant to serve international food.
i would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on thursday at bloomsbury.
thank you. can you also find me an entertainment attraction near bloomsbury?
are there any nightclubs in the centre of town?
yes could i have their address please?
thank you. can i also book a taxi from the restaurant to the club?
i need to arrive before our reservation time.
that was everything, thanks!
are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?
i would like a place that serves korean food.
that sounds just delightful! i would like a reservation for two at 20:00 for friday. and i will need that reference number, please.
i would also like to book a train to cambridge that day.
i'll be leaving from london liverpool street and i need to arrive in cambridge by 11:15.
no, that's all today. thank you for your help!
hi! i'm looking for a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
please book a table for 4 people.
sunday at 19:00 please.
thanks, i am also looking for a place to stay.
in the type of guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights sunday please
is there a guesthouse in the center? it would be more convenient near the restaurant.
sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications i mentioned earlier.
yes. i need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights
i will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. could you book me one.
thank you for putting up with me!
no, that is all i need today. thanks again for all your help! you've been wonderful!
hi i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi.
i would like to stay in the east, please.
i need a train leaving on saturday after 5:30 pm
i am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.
after 17:30 please
the train should go to cambridge and should depart from stevens. once you find the train you want to make a booking for 8 people.
i think i would be interested in the 17:54 and i need to book it for 8 people.
i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves north american food, in the expensive range.
yes. that would be great. make it for saturday for 8 people at 20:30.
thank you, that is all i needed.
i am looking for a train from stevenage to cambridge. can you help me?
i am looking to arrive by 17:15 on tuesday.
yes could you please book that for me for 8 people and provide a reference number for the booking.
thank you! i also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. i would prefer a nice expensive one.
is there any place to eat that serves indian?
i would like it to be in the west of town.
yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at 20:15
can you suggest one that has an expensive price range, please?
yes, please book a table for 8 on tuesday at 20:15. i'd also like the reference number, please?
thank you so much. i think that will be it for today. you've been a great help. goodbye.
have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?
yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.
i am also looking for a train leaving after 08:15 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.
i will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.
yes, please book it for 6 people.
thank you so much. you have been very helpful. that is all i need for now. bye.
hi, i'm looking for a particular attraction. it's called king's college, can you help me find some information about that place?
is this some place you would recommend?
yes, i actually need a place to stay. i'd prefer somewhere in the moderate price range and with free parking.
i would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the east section of town.
if you could tell me hotel types of both and phone number please.
thank you! can you help me book a taxi from the college to my hotel?
i'll be staying at the carolina bed and breakfast
i'd like to leave by 6am.
okay thank you. that is all i need for now.
i need a place to go, something interesting to see. i was thinking maybe a college.
recommend one and give me its address
thank you. can you also help me find a restaurant? i think the name is zizzi cambridge.
yes please. i would like the reservation to be at 17:00 for one person on sunday.
thanks. i am all done here.
can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town?
no i am not interested in british right now, do you have any other listings?
i don't care.
great! can you please let me know their contact number?
thank you.
thank you goodbye.
could you recommend a local hotel with free parking?
yes, i would like those in the south of town in the expensive price range.
great. please book it for 5 nights starting thursday.
could you book it for 7 people, please. and what is the reference number?
yes please and i need a reference number after booked please.
i really want one in the same price range, please.
no, thank you for helping me. good bye.
i am looking for a train that leaves after 18:45 and goes to leicester.
i need it to leave on sunday from cambridge.
that would be fine. can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?
thank you. i also need a place to dine in the centre area that serves asian oriental food.
no, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the centre area?
that's all i need. thank you.
i'm looking for places to go in town
i would like to go to a museum in the south. i need the postcode and entrance fee.
i also need a place to stay at with free wifi and parking.
lets try the south side.
either will be fine
i'm sorry i do want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. i will just need the price range and post code please.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i'd like to be picked up at byart art museum by 21:00. could you please book a taxi for me.
i want to go to the hotel.
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
i am looking for a certain cool place to go in town. could you help me narrow it down?
yes. i'd like the attraction to be located in the centre.
ah, so sorry, i am looking for a theatre. and if you could tell me about any entrance fees?
are you absolutely sure? usually there's some kind of indication about cost of entry.
okay. i also need a place to stay that is cheap and includes free parking.
yes please. can you book that for 3 nights starting friday for 7 people?
thank you so much. that was all i needed.
hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?
the area isn't important but we also need free parking.
that one sounds good. can i book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting saturday?
thanks. sound like a great place. can you help me with a train to peterborough.
i want to leave cambridge on monday after 13:15.
yes. please reserve seats for 8 people
thanks so much. thats all i need.
i am planning a trip to cambridge
let's book a train, i'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 19:00.
we're not picky, please book any train arriving in broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people.
thanks! now i need to find a lebanese restaurant in the expensive price range. can you help me find one?
is there any in the east?
what about one that serves indian dood?
i'd like someplace expensive, please.
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on wednesday, if that day is not available then try friday and provide the reference number.
thanks for all your help. i think i'm good now.
hi , can you recommend an inexpensive seafood restaurant?
how about chinese restaurants?
could i get the address and phone number for that restaurant?
great, thanks. can you also recommend a hotel in the north? i don't need anything specific.
the price doesn't matter.
i'm actually not ready to book just yet, but could i find one that has free wifi?
can i book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?
i'm not sure ... let me check with my wife.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
yes thank you, i would like a star rating of 0 please.
yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?
oh, bummer. how about a different hotel in the same price range?
yes, everything else is the same.
yes, keep the same price range, but you can vary the star rating.
yes, for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i need to take a train from cambridge on thursday.
i will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after 12:00.
that will work fine.
no thank you. i am looking for a place to stay though. what 3 star hotels do you have available?
price range doesn't matter, i'd like free wifi though.
not really, can you recommend your favorite?
i'm sorry can you tell me the price and arrival time on the train?
how much is the train?
i will also need a guesthouse.
any will do. i need it for 6 people.
i just told you i need it for 6 people. and it'll be for 3 nights.
yes for monday. i will be staying one night.
i need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting monday.
please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on monday. sorry for the conflicting info.
no. thank you for helping me with the train and guesthouse. it saved me time. goodbye.
i'm looking for someplace fun to visit in town.
hmm, i'm not sure. can you pick one for me? i need it to be in the city centre. i need a phone number, postcode, and attraction type.
can you find a restaurant by the name of sitar tandoori?
yes please 6 people, at 14:45 on thursday.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i would just to arrive by the time for the reservation. can i have the contact number and car type please?
no, that's all. thanks, goodbye.
hi. i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
i need something that's in the east part of town.
what is the phone number?
no thank you. that is all i needed. bye bye!
yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
i'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. i'd like free parking too.
i would prefer to stay in the west.
yes, i'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
uhm, no. that's your job, weirdo. also, i need a train.
i am going to cambridge and arrive by 18:45. i need the train id, travel time and departure time.
thanks! what is the travel time?
ok, i do need a hotel after all. i need 3 stars and it should be moderately priced.
i don't have a preference. why don't you pick one for me.
yes i would like to book that one.
i'm sorry, i don't need to book it at this time but could you please provide me the phone number to bridge guesthouse? thanks
thank you. that is all that i need for today.
thanks you too! bye!
i am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating.
i would like a lower price range with free parking.
i want to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse.
can you find me a hotel in the south with a 3 star rating free parking?
yes please let's try that.
please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
is there another hotel in the same price range that you can book?
yes, please check in another area.
yes could you check there please.
yes, and please give me the reference number.
no, that will be it. thank you.
howdy! i'd like to go to a museum.
could you recommend one to me? i am not looking for one in particular. may i also have it's postcode?
can you recommend an expensive guesthouse?
i'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse in the north.
how about one in the cheap price range?
if you could, that would be awesome.
is that in the cheap price range?
can i book for 8 people for 3 nights starting tuesday?
looks like there's some confusion. i need the hotel on tuesday, for 3 nights, and 8 people. if that doesn't work, try 2 nights instead.
thank you. no, that will be all.
sure. have a nice day.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.
how about one with a 4-star rating?
the one in the west will be fine. i'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet.
great, thanks! also, will you please find me a train that goes to ely, leaving on friday?
i need to leave after 10:30.
yes please. book it fror friday, 2 peopl. i'll need a reference number as well please.
okay. great. can i have the reference number please?
ok. thanks. nothing further.
hi, i'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.
does that hotel have a 3 star rating?
i do not need any free parking. is there any expensive hotel in the south with 3 stars and no parking?
okay, i need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting tuesday.
thank you! i also need to book a train to cambridge.
i need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 11:30. i will depart from kings lynn.
i will need that for tuesday as well.
yes, please book this train for 7 people. i also will need the reference number.
that was it. thanks so much for your help.
hi! i would like to find a hotel to stay in. i don't care about the parking.
the area is not too important, honestly. but i would like it to be a hotel and have a 4-star rating.
cheap one, please.
yes, please! book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
great! thanks!
no thank you that was all, goodbye.
can you help me find a cheap hotel?
i would like it to be in the north with a 4 star rating and free parking please.
yes, please and can you send me a reference number. thank you.
is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on friday? send me the reference number.
yes, i also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.
no i need a hotel in the west. can you search again please?
are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?
sure as long as they have free parking as well. can you give me the address and phone number please?
i also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 19:45
i just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. can i get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?
thank you very much for all of your help today.
i am looking for places to go in town like a college in the centre.
not really. surprise me! i'll need the phone number, address, and postcode of your favorite, please.
great. are there any restaurants that serve african food? something high-end, of course.
that does sound like just the place.
yes please, i'd like a table for 2 at 18:45 on thursday.
thanks. i also need a taxi.
i would like to lease form the college and arrive at the restaurant at the booked time please
no, you have tremendously helpful. thank you!
i am looking for an indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range
i prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on friday. please forward me the reference number once it is booked.
excellent. i'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. is that possible?
are those going to cambridge? because i really really need to arrive by 10:45.
yes please book two tickets and i need my reference number as well.
no thank you, you have been very helpful! and have a wonderful day!
hi, i'm looking for information on cinemas in cambridge. could you tell what my options are in the northern part?
is there a park in the north area?
excellent, may i have the address for that park?
yes please, can i also look for a cheap guesthouse?
it should include free wifi and should be in the east.
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday
thank you very much!
no thank you. i appreciate all of your help.
i would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the centre.
great, could you send me the postcode to galleria?
also i want to go see some architecture in town.
sounds lovely, what area is that located in?
that is all, thank you for your help.
i need a restaurant in cambridge that serves spanish food and is cheap.
yes, please book that. that is all i need.
for 6 people at 14:15 on saturday. can i get the reference number as well?
thank you, that is all.
can you also find me a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi?
i would like the hotel please.
i need the address and postcode of the hotel.
you certainly can. i will need a taxi to take me to my reservation at the restaurant, from the hotel.
great. thank you. that's all i need.
i'm looking for a place to eat christmas food
yes, how about a restaurant that serves indian food.
any range is fine.
i'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. the area doesn't matter. i just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on sunday.
are there any good attractions in the centre of town?
okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?
that is all, thank you very much.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south.
i am looking for one that serves portuguese food and is cheap.
yes please. we would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on saturday.
no thank you,i will call again.
yes, hello. i'm trying to find a particular museum, can you help me with that?
i am looking for the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. if you find it i'll need the area, phone and postcode please.
can you find me somewhere to stay in the east part of town?
i am looking for a place with free parking and wifi
i think the expensive one will do nicely. may i have the postcode, hotel type, and phone number please?
that's all i need. i'll call an uber.
yes, i need some help looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible.
yes, indian please.
can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday?
yes, look it up and book me for monday,please ?
please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace. this is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday.
that is it. thank you for your help. good bye.
i need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.
anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking.
you are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 4 star rating?
the acorn will do. can you please book me a room for monday for 3 people, 5 nights please?
can you try 1 night?
great i also am looking for a place to go that is a museum.
yeah, could i get its postcode, phone number, and address, please?
can you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
i want to leave the gallery by 2:45.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food
what is the address and phone number?
thank you. goodbye!
i am planning a trip to cambridge
im looking for food its name is called golden wok, can you get me address, postcode, and phone number
i also looking for a train. the train should depart from kings lynn and should leave on thursday
to cambridge and should arrive by 09:00
not yet. what time does tr8705 leave kings lynn? and what do the tickets cost?
no i don't need you to book it.
no, that's all at this time. thank you.
hello, i'm traveling to cambridge from stansted airport on saturday and need to find a train.
um, one of what trains should work? hello?
i would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in cambridge by 12:00. could you also let me know the cost?
no, instead i'd like to find a gastropub restaurant in the centre. can you help me with that?
no. just choose one and give me the phone number and address please.
i also need to know what the price range is for this restaurant.
that will be all. thank you for your help.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, i would like it to be moderately priced, please.
no preference. can you book me a room for 5 nights starting monday for 1 person and i also need the reference number.
i'm looking for a train. the train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge
i need it to arrive by 15:45 in cambridge on monday please.
yes please. i need 1 ticket.
yes that is fine
it is just for one person and i need the reference number as well.
great, thanks so much for your help with this.
i am looking for a train that will take me to cambridge from birmingham new street.
i need to leave after 17:00 on thursday.
yes can you please and send me a reference number.
i need seats for five people.
thanks, i also need a place to dine that is moderately priced.
i would prefer it in the centre area.
yes modern european food.
no preference. just book a table for 5 on thursday at 20:15
thanks! i need the reference number please.
perfect, that's all i need today. have a great day.
have a nice day.
are there any cheap restaurants that serve corsica food around cambridge?
are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve corsica food no matter the price range?
how about a good chinese place?
that sounds good to me! can you please book a table for one at 11:15 on sunday?
that's all i needed! thank you for your help.
i am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a hotel, i can pay for parking.
oh, i have heard of that. is in in the north part of town? i am looking for a place in the moderate price range also.
sure, that seems fine.
before you book, i just want to make sure--does it have a 4 star rating?
how many stars, area, and price.
no, i'm sorry, i should have specified. i need a 4 star place to stay.
are you sure? i need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the north part of town, and i don't need free parking.
i'm definitely open to a guesthouse.
doesn't matter if it does to me.
well i would just need the postcode. sorry for all the confusion !
thanks. are there any cinemas around the guest house?
what about something to do with boats?
great, i will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 20:15. i will need the car type and contact number.
have a nice day.
finches bed and breakfast was recommended to me highly. could you help me find it?
great! can you book a room there for 5 nights? there will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on friday.
i would also like to eat some austrian food.
okay, then how about an expensive mediterranean food restaurant in the centre?
give me the phone number and address for la mimosa please
i am also going to need a taxi.
i will be departing from finches bed and breakfast to la mimosa restaurant.
i want to leave the hotel by 03:15, can never be too early.
great. that was all i needed for now. thanks for everything.
i need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi that is close to local restaurants.
something in the east would be good!
any one of them is fine. please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting from tuesday.
yes i also need to find a restaurant in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel.
i would like the address and phone number for both restaurants.
wonderful, thank you for your time!
i need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in cambridge.
i am departing from london kings cross and need to arrive by 16:30.
how much are the tickets?
please book it for 1 person please.
great! can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the north side of town?
can you give me a phone number and post code for whichever one you like the best?
thank you , that will do it . i appreciate the help.
i'm look for a train leaving cambridge.
i want to travel to kings lynn on saturday.
i need to arrive by 12:30.
yes that sounds good, what's the trip duration on that one and how much per ticket?
no thank you, could you find me a 4 star guesthouse that provides free parking?
in the moderate price range, near the centre of town please.
are there any available in another area of town that meet those requirements?
not right now, but i do need their phone number.
thank you, you've been quite helpful
can you help me find a indian restaurant in the west?
that sounds perfect! thank you.
can you book a reservation for 8 at 14:45 on friday?
can you provide me with the telephone number and book two taxi cabs to the restaurant
nevermind - i don't need the taxis after all. can you help me find a place called tenpin, instead?
can you tell me what their entrance fee is?
okay, thank you for your help!
no that will be all! thank you very much!
i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in cambridge.
the hotel also needs to be cheap and have free wifi.
do any of these 7 have free wifi?
any of them will do. i'll book a room in whichever one you think is best.
that would be great. two nights please.
let's try 5 nights, starting friday, with 2 people.
yes, i am looking for something to do during my stay. i'd like it to be around the centre area.
are there any colleges in the centre of town that have free admission?
that would be fine. can you confirm the entrance fee?
fantastic. i have all of the information i needed, thank you. have a great day.
find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.
wednesday, please. any time after 08:00.
yes, i would like a ticket just for myself.
thank you. please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the west side
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 4
okay, go ahead and book a room. it's just for me.
please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on monday.
do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west?
how about a cheap hotel?
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday
no that will be all. thanks!
yes, good bye.
hello, i'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights. i'd like wifi and free parking too.
is that place cheap?
can i get the address and star rating?
thanks! i'm also looking for an architecture type place in the west. can you help me?
how about entertainment instead?
yes that sounds good can i get the phone number, entrance fee, and address.
thanks, i would like a taxi from the two places too.
yeah, can i get the contact number and car type, please?
that should be all i need. thank you for your help!
i need a train from norwich leaving after 09:15. thank you.
does it leave at that time on sunday?
going to cambridge.
please get me the reference number.i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the center and should serve turkish food
cool thanks for your help
perfect. i'd like a table for 7 at 18:00 sunday.
if there isn't a table for sunday wednesday will work as well.
what day was it booked for? sunday or wednesday?
it is exactly the day i wanted. thank you very much for your time. have a nice day!
no that is all! thank you!
i'm looking for a place to stay when i visit cambridge. i want to stay at a 4 star guesthouse.
i'd like some place on the north end, please.
i do not. i would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on thursday.
thank you! can you also help me with a train please? i need a train departing cambridge on thursday.
i need to arrive 17:45.
what would be the price on that one?
i actually need to arrive in leicester on monday by 17:45 out of cambridge. sorry for the confusion.
yes, could you please tell me the price for this train?
wonderful. that's all i needed. thank you!
i don't need to book that today. thanks for your help.
not today. thanks. bye.
hi. can you help me find an east hotel?
i would like something with 4 or 5 stars.
no, it does not matter. i am also looking a for place with free parking.
the price does not matter.
does it also have free wifi? i need wifi too.
yes, for myself and 4 nights starting tuesday
i need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. i want to arrive at least by 21:15, can i get the reference # too please?
i will be traveling on tuesday.
yes please. can i get the reference number?
i do not have a specific time to leave, thank you for asking.
arrive by 21:15 for the same group of people. and i need a reference number
thank you so much for your help.
that is all for now. thank you for all your help.
i need a hotel that includes free parking please.
i am not particular about the area. is there a hotel available that has a 2 star rating?
yes,book me the one on the east side.
i'd like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting sunday, please.
yes, lets try a different one.
can you please confirm the price for the package
i need a restaurant in cambridge that is expensive and also in the centre of town.
does bedouin serve german food?
yes, if there is one available.
are there any japanese restaurants in the same area and price range?
great! i'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 17:15 on tuesday. and i'd like a reference number, please.
i'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from norwich (going to cambridge, of course).
i'm sorry i mean to say 9:15. i need to arrive by 9:15.
yes, please reserve six tickets for us.
no, that is all, thank you.
i am looking a hotel to stay in. could you find me one on the more expensive side? but it doesn't need free parking.
yes, give that a try please. i also need free wifi.
that sounds good. i need to check the number of people before i book.
i'm not sure yet, but i'll probably only need one room. i forgot to mention, the hotel needs to be located in the centre of town.
yes. i am interested to know the postcode, and if it is a hotel or guesthouse.
yes, i'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel. what's around?
no, it does not. please give me the address, phone number, and postcode of any 1 restaurant that matches my criteria.
that's great. thank you so much for all of your help today.
i think that will be all
i am looking for a place to dine near the centre.
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.
how about european food?
great. can i get the address and phone number as well?
i'm also looking for a train to cambridge on friday
i'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after 12:30
yes, please. there are 4 of us traveling together.
thank you so much. i appreciate your help.
that will be all today! thanks so much!
i need information on the home from home hotel.
thanks so much for your help. that's all.
i need a four star hotel.
i would like it to be in the moderate price range and have free parking
unfortunately i need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. do you have one that is not in the moderate price range?
yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from tuesday.
would you try for 2 nights instead? and, what is the name of the hotel?
yes.let`s please try for shorter number of days. thanks.
sorry, i did not want to book a room until i was sure of the price could you give that to me first?
that's fine, thank you. i also need help with a train leaving cambridge and going to london kings cross.
i just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to london kings cross on thursday.
not at this time. i just need the price.
no, you've been a great help, thanks for your time.
need a place to eat in the south of town that has moroccan food.
how about one with indian food?
can i book a table for three people at 19:30 on tuesday?
another indian restaurant will due, and i'll need my reference number too please.
can you try 18:30?
i also need a place to stay. i would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 4 star rating.
are either of them moderately priced?
does the aylesbury have free wifi?
please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting tuesday.
how about 2 nights?
i would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i will need to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation on tuesday.
no, that will be all. thank you!
what kind of places are there to go to in the west?
oh! i bet my boyfriend would love an entertainment place. can you tell me a little about those?
we are also needing a place to stay. it's preferable that it's also in the west and has a 4 star rating.
nothing too expensive but at least a 4 star. i'd like it to be in a guest house too.
sure, we will have 5 people staying 2 nights starting thursday, please.
where can i get swiss food in town?
how about indian food? can i have the address and phone number?
no. thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday.
yes, i'll be going to cambridge, and i need to arrive by 13:15.
any of those would be fine, i will be booking for 6.
great, thanks a lot. can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town?
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.
that sounds great, could you give me the postcode?
can i just double check something? is the jinlin noodle bar moderately priced?
please book there for 6 people on friday at 16:00. thank you for your assistance.
thank you so much. you have been most helpful. there is nothing else at this time. good bye.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant.
french food.
i don't care.
i really have no desire for cote. are there other restaurants available?
ok i will try this one. i would like the address and phone number please.
no, thank you.
i'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is moderately priced.
i'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the centre.
are there any restaurants that serve british food?
yea can you recommend one and get my the phone number please?
i'm also looking for a train.
im leaving cambridge at 11:00
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from norwich
actually, i am traveling on tuesday. i need to leave after norwich after 15:45. i need a booking for 7 people.
no i will keep it
actually, sorry. do cancel the other booking because i didn't ask for it. make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to cambridge on tuesday
perfect. sorry about all the confusion and thanks for your help. have a great day.
i need some information on the carolina bed and breakfast. can you help me with that?
sounds nice. can you book a room for 2 nights for me? there will be 2 of us, coming in on friday.
could you try for 1 night please? i'd also like the reference number if possible.
i am also looking to get a train on the same day as the hotel booking please.
i will be leaving cambridge on the same day as the hotel booking.
i am coming in to cambridge from ely i need it to arrive by 15:15
what is the travel time and the train id?
i will book it myself, but thank you.
no that is all the information i needed thank you. goodbye
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
no, i need a guesthouse.
id apreciate if thats offered
i'll contact them myself thank. can you tell me their address, including postcode?
i am grateful for all your assistance. wonderful service. goodbye.
i need to find a chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. can you help?
nah, just book me a table at your favorite! i need it at 12:45 on thursday. table for 6, please.
i also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.
is it a guesthouse or a hotel?
i need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, i need the confirmation # too please
thank you! i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant.
i want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. i need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,12:45.
no, that should be all. thank you.
hi, i am looking for a concerthall in the east.
let's check for a museum, then
please book the museum of technology for two people, any time after noon. i'll need a reference number too please.
how about helping me find a place to eat, then?
i'd like crossover food in the expensive range, and located in the same area as the museum.
i would like it to be crossover food.
sure, let's try chinese then please. and i'd also like the restaurant to be expensive.
i don't care. can you choose one to recommend for me?
is it available on friday?
i would like a table for 5 at 11:00.
thank you. i didn't get an address and postcode for cambridge museum of technology. can you provide it, please?
no, that was everything i needed thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel called finches? it's a bed and breakfast.
i need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called finches please. it's a bed and breakfast.
no let me call back,maybe i have the wrong name.
i stayed at finches last year. can you please look for it again?
do you have another hotel in that same price range?
yes please and give me the reference number.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i'm looking for a specific hotel. can you help me?
the cambridge belfry. what is its price range?
thanks! i also need to find an expensive french restaurant to eat at.
area, no, just that it's expensive and french.
no, but can you please give me their address with postcode and the phone number? i'd like to call them myself to ask about food allergies.
i would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places
i'd like to leave the restaurant at 21:00.
i'm looking for fun things to do in the center of town.
you choose for me. i just need the address and postcode.
i don't think a church is a place to have fun in town. could you find me a restaurant instead?
yes i am looking for one called peking restaurant. i'd like a reservation for 8 on friday.
put me down for 12:30
i'll also need a cab from the church to the restaurant, please.
i want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at 12:30. how long will the cab ride be?
thank you, it's fine.
no, that's all. thank you.
i need some place fun to go on the west side. any suggestions?
i don't really have a preference, so which one do you think is best?
what kind of place is it?
can i get their phone number and entrance fee please?
yes. i also need info on a place to stay in the same area
i would like to stay in a guesthouse, please.
i need a 3 star please.
yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 5 people. i'll need the reference number as well.
i also need a taxi.
i need to go from the hobson house to whale of a time. i need to leave the hotel at 23:30.
that is everything! thanks!
i'm looking for a train. i want it to go to stevenage and leave from cambridge.
it should leave after 18:30 on saturday.
how long is the trip and when will i arrive? also need to know the price.
okay, thank you for that information. i also need to find a cheap restaurant.
anything cheap in the centre of town please.
hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in cambridge that is centrally located?
are any of those ethiopian restaurants?
yes, could you make reservations for three please?
actually, book the table for 6 people on tuesday at 13:30. i will need the reference number for this, please.
i also need a hotel in the same area and price range as the restaurant.
does the gonville hotel have free parking?
yes i would like to book the gonville hotel for 3 nights for 6 people starting from tuesday please. i will need a reference number.
no thank you, have a great day.
i am looking for some entertainment.
it does not really matter can you suggest one?
no thank you what about a museum?
no area does not matter can you recommend one please?
okay, i'll check it out. please get me the postcode and address
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay
tuesday. i want a place to stay that is expensive, 3 star, and has free parking and wifi.
thanks, i just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting tuesday.
that's all i needed. thanks. bye.
i need to find a place to dine in at in cambridge later.
give me something cheap.
area of town doesn't matter, but i would like to try north indian food.
how about a portuguese restaurant?
the area does not matter.
yes, i would like the area, address, and postcode for the one in the centre please.
i am needing to find a place to stay. i would like something 4 star rated and cheap.
the east please.
book for 2 people and 4 nights from friday please
i also need a taxi.
i would be leaving the hotel by 10:15.
from the hotel to the restaurant. please give me the contact number and car type after you book it.
that is all for now. thank you for all your help.
i would like to find a place to eat dinner.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.
i'm craving some modern european food!
yes please, 1 person on sunday at 14:15.
could you recommend a museum?
thank you. could i get the area, post code, and address?
no that's everything i needed, thank you!
i've heard some buzz about the hamilton lodge. can you tell me about it?
i'd like to book this hotel. i need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday. i require a reference number.
thank you very much for your help.
i am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre.
yes, that sounds good. could you book it for me on saturday at 18:00.
there are six of us.
yes another chinese restaurant for six people.
no thank you
can you recommend a restaurant that serves corsica food in the expensive price range?
can you try italian food instead?
any area is fine. could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? we're looking for something at 18:45 on tuesday.
thank you. could you please send me the address and phone number.
now find me a stay in the east and should have a star of 4
i'm not concerened about pricing, but i would like a 4 start hotel in the east.
no, thanks. i'm all set. good bye.
i will be in cambridge soon and look forward to seeing at least one of your attractions.
i am actually searching for one recommended by a friend. it's called the cherry hinton i believe.
it's name is called the cherry hinton village centre. do you have that?
what kind of attraction is it and what are the entrance fees?
yes, i need a hotel. it should be rated two stars and have free wifi.
ashley hotel is fine. can you book a room for me starting from saturday for 3 nights for 3 people? i will need the reference number.
thats it, thanks so much!
i would like to stay in a 4 star rated guesthouse.
i'm not concerned with price, but we really would like to stay on the south end of the city if possible.
do they have internet?
yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? i'm interested in some nightclubs in the centre.
yes! can i have the phone number and entrance fee please?
thanks! that's all i needed.
i am planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to stay. can you recommend a hotel on the south side?
i'm looking for a guesthouse. is it a guesthouse?
stars dont matter. can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting friday.
great. i'm also looking for a train from cambridge going to peterborough. can you help with that?
i'd like to leave on monday and arrive by 15:45, please.
i would like to leave in the afternoon.
i want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on monday. i need the travel time and the price please?
can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? oh, almost forgot. does the bridge guest house include free parking?
thank you, goodbye.
i would like a cheap restaurant.
i don't care.
actually, i'd like one in south part of town. is ask in the south?
i have no preference, please make a suggestion.
okay, that sounds good. thank you for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant called yippee noodle bar.
can i make a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on tuesday?
thanks and yes please. i also need a place to stay.
i would prefer to stay in the north.
a guesthouse would be nice, i am trying to stay in the affordable but not cheap range. do you have anything that is 3 or 4 star?
yes. i need to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
great! that is all i needed.
hi. i'm looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of the city?
definitely cheap.
it doesn't matter. what do you recommend?
please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre, i need it for 8 people at 13:45 on saturday.
thanks, that's all i needed today. you've been a great help!
hello, i'm trying to find a train leaving on friday after 09:30.
i will be leaving from broxbourne on my way to cambridge.
i am not particular about what time we arrive provided we leave after 09:30. choose one for me and give me the arrival time, travel time, and train id.
i am also looking for a place to dine in the north area that has a cheap price range.
yes i would like royal spice, book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on the same day
how about at 18:30?
that will be all, thank you for your help.
i'm looking for cheap lodgings.
what's it's star rating?
yes. i need it for four people and five nights.
i need it to start thursday night and once it is booked, can you send me the reference number?
no, i'll let you know if anything else comes up.
i'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called bridge guest house. do you know where this place is at?
yes i would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.
i would like chinese food please?
i would like to be in the centre
a cheap place please.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me
i need the reservation for 6 people at 14:00 please.
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.
yes i need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 14:00.
thank you. that is all i need.
i need a train on friday from the london liverpool street station.
the train should leave after 17:15 and should go to cambridge.
what is the arrival time?
okay i would like to book it. i'm also looking for a restaurant on the cheap side in centre.
i really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at 20:00 on friday.
how about for 19:00 that day? and can i have the reference number please?
thank you that should be it, thank you for your help.
hi, i'm looking for good chinese food on the west side.
thank you goodbye
i am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.
thank you. can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on thursday?
i'm also looking for a train departing cambridge and arriving at 8:30. can you help out?
we would like to go to peterborough on friday.
yes, please book it for 5 people.
thank you for all your help. have a great day.
i'm looking for a hotel in the south, and i'd like cheaper options please.
does it have a star of 4?
great. do they also offer free wifi?
no, that's ok. could you just give me the address and postcode and please let me know if they have free parking?
i am also looking for international food that is in the cheaper price range.
no thank you- please just give me the address and phone number.
do you see a chinese restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
there are going to be a lot of us, so something cheap would be best.
yes for 7 people for 17:45 on a monday.
can we make the reservation an hour later?
yes how about for 16:45?
no, you have been very helpful thank you.
hello, i'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the center.
maybe something in the moderate range.
can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for riverside brasserie. can i get a reference number? thank you.
that actually takes care of all my needs! thanks a ton!
yes. i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
is there any other restaurant?
what is the address?
are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food?
can you try the search again looking for portugeuese food instead?
i would like the one that is in the centre of town. can you book me a table there for thursday at 11:30? there will be 6 of us.
can you try 10:30 instead?
no, that's all i need. thank you!
is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking?
i am looking for a place with free wifi as well. price doesn't matter yet.
sounds promising. what type of hotel are the ones you found?
can i get more information on the hotel?
no thanks, i actually have all the information i need. thanks for your help!
no, i have all of the information i need now thanks to you.
i am looking forward to try a local restaurant in cambridge and i have clowns cafe particularly in my mind. can you assist to book a table for me?
i would like it for sunday.
oh, i'll need a table for 5 at 11:45 on sunday.
thank you, i also need to find a hotel with free wifi.
some place in the north with a 2 star rating.
great, can i get a room for 5 people for 3 nights on the same day?
yes, are you familiar with any of the attractions around the ashley hotel?
no thanks. i am all set. goodbye.
i am looking for a moderately priced scottish restaurant
i am looking for something in centre of town then
i am not looking for british, i am looking for scottish food.
yes, could you look for a spanish restaurant instead?
yes please. could you give me a table for tuesday at 12:00 for 2 people please.
can i have a reference number please?
thank you. have a lovely day.
can you tell me about jesus college?
no. that will be all. thank you.
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
i'm looking for somewhere moderately priced with wifi.
the south. i'd like a 3 star place if you can find one.
if it offers free wifi, sure. i need a single for 3 nights starting thursday.
can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and jesus college?
yes, i want to be picked up at the hotel no later than 11:00.
thanks so much. that was it for me for today. have a good night. bye.
hi there, i need a swimming pool. the kids want to swim!
that sounds wonderful! may i please have the address, phone number, and post code?
are there any italian restaurants located in the centre?
the cheaper the better please
can you suggest one? i need reservations for saturday.
please book it for 4 people at 18:30 on saturday evening.
thanks! that's all i needed today. goodbye!
please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the north.
let's go with indian. can you book me a table for thursday at 14:00 for 8 people?
yes, i am looking for a boat attraction to visit near the restaurant.
book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. i need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the boat attraction.
i want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 14:00. please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi too.
no, that's all for today. thanks for your help. goodbye.
hi, i'd like to stay at the warkworth house please.
yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 5 nights
thanks for all of your help.
that is all for now. thank you so much!
i sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. can you find me one in the east? i don't need free wifi.
i am look for a hotel on the east with free parking.
is that a hotel?
does it include free parking?
how many stars?
that will be okay. can you book that?
i don't need hotel reservations. i just need address, price range, star of the hotel.
yes, i need a train from cambridge to stevenage on wednesday.
we need to leave after 17:45.
no preference just fine a train that leaves after 17:45.
please book 3 seats and send the reference number.
thank you that is all i needed.
i need an expensive restaurant in the centre.
yes indian sounds good to me!
yeah, that sounds great. would you reserve me a table for 4, friday at 13:15 please?
thanks a bunch! that's all i needed. take care and have a good day.
i need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town.
please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on monday.
how about a different restaurant within the same area and price range.
that was very helpful. thank you goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve south indian food.
darn. will you look for a turkish restaurant in that area instead?
can i get the address of anatolia?
thank you very much for your help!
no, that's all i needed. thanks so much.
i'm in the midst of planning my trip to cambridge and need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi
lets find a place first, i would like one in the north.
get me their phone number and address and whether they have free parking
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve unusual food and should be in the same area as the hotel.
yes, please try chinese food instead.
not at the moment but i would like their phone number and address with postcode.
thank you, that is all for today. goodbye.
i'm looking for an expensive chinese food restaurant. can you help me?
i have no area preference. can you make a suggestion for me?
no but could i get the address for the hakka?
sure, i am looking for something to do in the town centre
actually can you give me some information on boating activities in the center and whether there is an entrance fee?
okay thanks that's all i need from you. have a good day, bye.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east side.
book me a table of five for tuesday at 11:30 in one that serves british cuisine. please get me the reference number as well.
thank you, i also need a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.
yes, i'd also like it to be expensive and on the east side.
that would work well what type of hotel is it?
yes please. i'll also need information about a taxi service as i won't have transportation on this trip.
i need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before 11:30. can i get a contact number and car type please?
great thanks! that's all i need.
i'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.
i'm looking for something in the north. i don't care so much about the price, but i want it to be all inclusive, no charging extra for wifi.
does it have free wifi
that would be great. i need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on thursday.
yes, i am looking for a train leaving kings lynn on the same day as my hotel check in date.
my destination is cambridge and i should arrive by 20:00. please book tickets for thursday for 4 people. i'll also need the reference number.
great, that is all i need.
i want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre
no that's fine. just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on saturday.
let's try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.
the african restaurant sounds great. can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this saturday?
may i have the reference number for that reservation
thank you so much. that is all i need.
i am looking for a four star hotel in cambridge. it needs to include free parking.
do you have any with free wifi?
i would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 4. once we select lodging, i would like you to send the postcode and address.
if you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 4 stars.
i don't need a reservation yet. could you give me the address and postcode for it?
yes, i need a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 19:45.
yes, i'll be coming in from london liverpool street on friday.
yes, i would like a booking for one person.
that will be all, thank you.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
yes, i'd like to stay in the east and also need free parking.
is the allenbell a hotel or a guesthouse?
okay, i don't need any more information about that. i am interested in a restaurant located near the hotel.
the type of food doesn't matter, but i would like a moderately priced restaurant.
great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 19:45 on monday?
can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 18:45 on monday? i just need a small table for one.
i could also use a taxi that can get me from the allenbell to rajmahal. i need to get to the restaurant by 18:45.
no, you have done quite a bit for me today. thank you for your help.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
any type of food is fine
is there anything else?
i need the address.
thank you goodbye.
good bye
hi, i am looking for a nice hotel to stay in. i would like it to include free parking. internet access is not necessary.
i don't care about the price.
do they have internet?
yes, please. i need to book 3 nights starting on friday for 5 people.
yes, please give me reference number.
i'd also like a recommendation for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
surprise me what is the best choice ?
yes, please. i need reservations for 12:30 on friday. there are 5 in my group.
that is all. thank you.
i am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street
i would like to travel on tuesday and i would like to arrive by 20:15 please.
do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.
yes, i need 7 tickets.
yes please. i'm also looking for a hotel in the west. i need free parking and wifi available. thanks so much.
a 3 star hotel in the cheap price range
i am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the south. can you help me?
i have no preference, but you can suggest a museum for me.
that's too bad. can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the south instead?
i would like indian food.
i will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on saturday. i also really need that information on an attraction in the south. just something fun.
i'm going to need a taxi to get between the two places. can you help with that?
i'll be going to the restaurant.
that's because you never got back to me, you forgot first. i want to go somewhere in the south but i'm not familiar with the town, what do you recommend?
yes, please, and can i also get a contact number and what type of car will arrive?
book taxi to go to taj tandoori restaurant. i need to arrive by 11:15 on saturday.
ok i need to firm up a attraction to visit then that will be my pick up location.
what do you recommend in the south?
ok great. i will need the phone number, address and postcode.
great. now i would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 11:15.
great, thank you so much. that is all i need.
i'd like a restuarant with asian oriental food located in the centre, please.
that sounds perfect. i don't need a reservation though.
yes, could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant? phone, address and postcode?
no, i think that's all i need. thanks!
i am looking for a train to cambridge. i need to arrive by 20:00
i'll be heading in from leicester on thursday.
yes, please book it for me.
i just want to know the price of the ticket.
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. it doesn't need to have free wifi.
no, it doesn't matter.
cheap price range and free wifi
no thanks, just needed the address. that's all for today thank you!
can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
entrance fee and adress and phone number please
and what attraction type would that be considered?
ok, i didn't catch if it has an entrance fee?
is there an indian restaurant in the same area as the attraction? if so what is the address and phone number?
no. i think i am all set.
i need a place to eat in the south that's expensive.
i would like chinese or mexican restaurants
sure, i need a table for 8 at 17:15 on wednesday, please.
thank you, what places can you go to that are in the same area?
a museum sounds great. can you get the phone number for one?
that sounds very nice. can you book me a taxi or car service between those two places? i'd like to arrive by my reservation time, please.
that would be all, thanks!
i would be in cambridge and i need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this sunday, can you help me find one?
yes it has to leave on sunday after 19:15.
yes, can you please book 4 tickets for me and provide me with the reference number, please.
yes, i also need some accomodations. got anything with free wifi?
certainly! i'd like an expensive 4-star hotel, please. no guesthouses.
i'll take the huntingdon marriott. will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on sunday for four people?
great. all i need is the reference number for that reservation.
that should be it, thank you!
im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
does it serve bistro food?
i would settle for british. i'd prefer moderately priced, actually, and location doesn't matter.
what is the phone number?
no, thank you, that is all i need. goodbye!
goodbye.
i need a train leaving from broxbourne.
i would like to travel on a tuesday from broxbourne to cambridge after 19:15.
can you book it for me?
can you also recommend a three star hotel that has free wifi?
yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on tuesday.
no. that's it. thank you for your help.
i need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town, please.
okay, i would like a booking please.
yes, i need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting wednesday. please send me the reference number once booked.
no, that is everything. thank you!
hello i am looking for a high-class super fancy pricey restaurant that serves south indian food. any suggestions would be great.
i just want it to be south indian food. i don't mind what area it's in.
yes. i would like to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 11:00.
yes. i also would like to stay at a 4 star location in the north please
i don't believe you. check again. i also want free wifi.
that is great. which do you recommend?
sounds good, can i please have their postcode and the price range?
i'll have to think about it. thank you for all your help.
no that will be all thank you.
can you find me a moderately priced hotel?
i don't mind which area but i need free parking and somewhere with 2 stars if possible.
could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday? i have no preference which one you pick.
no, that is all. thanks.
can i get some information on the ali baba restaurant?
yes, for 3 people on sunday at 14:00.
yes, a reference number would be great! could i also get information on the ashley hotel?
that sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on sunday.
i think you answered all my questions. thanks so much. have a great day. goodbye.
hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free wifi, please?
the would be great. can i have the address and phone number?
great i need to book it for 4 nights
it will be for 2 people starting on wednesday.
yes, please book it and provide a reference number.
how about tuesday?
try tuesday please.
i suppose i'll book it myself, then. can you tell me about the soul tree nightclub? what part of town is it in?
i need the entrance fee and address.
yes i'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub and i need to leave by 22:15.and may i have car type and confirmation # please?
how much will the ride cost?
no that would be all. thank you. goodbye
hi! i've heard of a great hotel called hobsons house and i'd like to stay there. can you help me locate it?
yes, i would like to make a reservation for this saturday.
in a moment. i also need to find a restaurant in the expensive price range.
can you suggest one in the north? and please give me the address for it.
that sounds nice
no thanks, have a good day bye.
hi, i am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.
that's great. what time does each attraction open?
can you tell me what type of attraction cafe jello gallery is please? i also want to find an indian restaurant.
great thank you, i am also looking for an expensive indian place to eat
i would prefer to eat in the same area as cafe jello gallery.
sounds great! could i book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday?
let's try 12:30 then.
what is the reference number for the reservation?
yes. i need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.
i will need to arrive at tandoori palace by 12:30 please.
no, i think that's everything. thank you so much.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
i don't care what cuisine. i would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on thursday. i will need a reference number also.
okay, wonderful. thank you for your help.
no, you were extremely helpful. thank you. goodbye.
i am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range.
most definitely.
no, that is all i need. thank you and goodbye!
i'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town
can i get the address, phone number, and postcode?
thank you. goodbye.
you are planning your trip in cambridge. you are looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
i would like to have british food. does yippee noodle bar offer british food?
yes, please recommend one.
please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on thursday and give me the reference number.
thank you! i'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. can you help me with that?
either would be fine, i guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights.
yes i will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. can you help me with that as well?
i just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30
just the contact number for the taxi, please.
i'm hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay.
i would prefer a guesthouse. also, i would need free parking.
i'd prefer something on the west side of town.
that sounds good,please book that one for me.
eight people, two nights from thursday.
yes, the same price range.
yes you can check any area please.
yes please book for me then me the reference number
thank you for all your help.
no. i have everything i need.
hello. i need a train ticket on a train going from cambridge to ely.
i'd like to travel on saturday, but i don't want to leave until after 19:30.
yes please book a seat for me. and can you tell me if there are any african restaurants in ely near the train station?
what is the price and travel time for that train?
great that's all the info i needed today thank you.
i need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre, can you help me?
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range. i would like a table for 7 people at 12:30 on wednesday.
yes, the dojo noodle bar sounds perfect.
sure, find me something else.
yes thank you for your help.
i am looking for places to go. can you tell me about some museums?
surprise me! i'd like the address, fee and postcode.
sweet! can i also get some information on hotels?
how about a 2 star rating in the moderate price?
either one is fine, i need to book for 1 starting sunday, 4 nights.
thank you very much for your help.
how about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel. any indian cuisine or african cuisine that's expensive?
does it have free wife and parking?
sorry about that, i can look for a restaurant later. that's actually all i need today, thank you!
hello, could you tell me if downing college is still operating?
just the phone number please?
how did you know?! yes i do! you must be a mind reader! i'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and i definitely don't want a guesthouse. only a real hotel, please!
i would like a hotel in the north, please.
i just need a 3 star hotel in the north center.
let's try the guesthouse, could you provide me with their telephone number?
no, thank you. however, could you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
i would like to leave and 2:30 p.m and arrive at 3:23 p.m.
no, that will be everything today. thank you.
no, but you know what? we should probably have the car pick me up at the college at 2:15 p.m. instead.
thank you very much. that's all.
i hope you have a great day as well. goodbye.
please find a place to eat that serves indian food.
yes, i would like it to be in the west.
thank you! i would like to go to an expensive restaurant, please.
yes 4 people on 18:15 on friday. should be a fin way to start the weekend.
yes, i'm also looking for a nightclub to go to in the same area.
how about a museum then?
yes please.
no, that is all the information i need. thank you.
good day, i need help getting a train from london liverpool street going all the way to cambridge, can you help me?
i would like to travel on wednesday and arrive by 10:15. can you help?
no, as long as it arrives by 10:15.
that will be great. i am also looking for a place to stay in the south part of town. do you have any recommendations?
i need something in the cheap price range.
does the hotel offer free wifi?
great, i think that will work. i need a room for myself for five days, starting wed.
would you be able to book the stay for four nights instead? can i also get the reference number?
that is all i need today. thank you.
hello i'm looking for places to go in cambridge please.
i need a place in the centre.
yes, can i get the postcode.
yes please, we'll be needing somewhere to stay the night. what can you tell me about the cambridge belfry? i've heard it's pretty nice, is that true?
does it have free parking?
not right now, but could i please get the address for the hotel?
no that's it, thank you.
have a nice day!
hello, i'd like to have dinner in the centre, is there anywhere that serves afghan food?
not really- what about a cheap restaurant? what are my choices?
yes, that would be a good idea. can you search for one that serves asian oriental food for me? thanks a lot
dojo noodle bar sounds interesting. can you get me the phone number and post code for them?
yes, is there anywhere that you can play some sports near the restaurant?
can you book that for me.
the address and the post code is all i need.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i am looking for indian food in the north part of town.
i don't care. however, i would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number.
thank you. good bye
restaurant on the south side please
no actually, can you suggest me some kosher places?
a portuguese restaurant might be nice.
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.
where are they located?
would you happen to have the phone number?
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of guesthouse.
how about a moderate price range and a star rating of three?
yes please. can i get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on friday?
i also need a taxi to commute. i need to leave the hotel by 15:30.
thank you, that will be all.
thank you goodbye
can you help me find arbury lodge guesthouse? thanks.
yes i need to know whether they have free parking, star of the hotel, and phone number.
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant. i'd like it to serve expensive bistro food.
is there a cheaper bistro?
okay how about thai food?
what is the address and post code of the arbury lodge guesthouse?
sorry for digressing. i am still looking for an expensive thai restaurant in the center of town. can you check?
can i get their address and postcode please?
thank you. i would also like to book a taxi, please.
from the restaurant to the hotel.
i would like to be picked up by 01:15 if at all possible, thanks.
thanks for the help.
no, i just needed the information on that, i am all set.
no thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells north indian food.
i'm looking for a restaurant, not a hotel. can you try again?
okay. how about one that serves italian food?
i would like it to be in the east area of town please.
sounds good, can i get the phone number and postcode, please?
that is all! thank you!
i need an expensive restaurant in the centre
i don't have a preference. it should be in the centre, however.
yes, please. would you book it for 8 people on tuesday at 13:00? i need to be sure to get the reference number, please.
thank you. i'm also in need of a place to stay. i'd like it to be a hotel with a star of 2.
does the hotel have free parking?
yes please for 3 nights for 8 people on tuesday.
no, that is all. thanks for being so helpful for my upcoming trip. looking forward to my stay. bye.
can you tell me what's interesting to do on the south side?
that sounds like fun. can you tell me the phone number?
i also want to find an italian restaurant in the same area.
i'll take the cheap one. i don't need to book, but could you give me the postcode?
yes please. i also need to postcode. i need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.
can i have the contact number for the taxi?
no, that's all i needed today. thanks for your help. goodbye!
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
is there any place that serves international food?
either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday?
no, that is all. thanks, good bye.
there are french restaurants in cambridge, right?
can you try booking one of them for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday?
was that restaurant in the north? i needed one in the north.
yes, please for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday
i am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of boat.
can you give me the address and entrance fee to this attraction? thank you for your help!
ok great, thank you. that is all i need.
i'm looking for a moderately-priced place to eat.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
can you give me your recommendation please.
sure. can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 11:30?
okay, how about another place in the same area and price range?
thanks so much. that will be all i need today. have a nice day. bye.
can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
i don't care.
yes, i would like world food.
maybe some indian food?
hi, i am looking for places in west cambridge that feature architecture.
how about a college then?
can you give me the phone number for churchill?
i am also looking for information about a restaurant called ugly duckling.
can you tell me what kind of food the ugly duckling offers and where it is located? i also need their phone number. thank you.
thank you for all your help today.
no, that would be all. thank you. have a good day.
i am looking for some places to go in the east. i'd like an entertainment attraction. can you give me some suggestions and phone numbers please?
what other types of attractions are available in the east?
what type of attraction is cherry hinton hall?
that sounds great. i also need a hotel in the same area as the attraction
i need a hotel with free parking.
okay can you look for a hotel without free parking?
i will take anything with free parking.
can you let me know if they have internet, their address, and phone number?
hello! i am looking for the address and phone number of a lebanese restaurant in the centre.
thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a train from london liverpool street.
i would like to leave on sunday to cambridge and get there by 16:00 or before.
i would prefer later in the morning if possible.
yes, please. i'll need to book for 6 people.
i'd like a place to stay in the east of the city.
are any of them moderately priced with free wifi included?
yes please, i'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
that is all i needed for today. thank you!
hi there, i'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. i'd like somewhere in the city centre, and i'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.
somewhere that serves light bites, please
what about a restaurant that serves european food, but still in the centre and moderately priced?
no, but could you give me the address and phone number for your favorite one?
are there any places to stay in the same general area as the restaurant?
i need to stay in the moderate price range, please.
actually, could i just get its phone number and address?
can we book a guesthouse in the centre?
i will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 6 people.
starting from friday. could you book that for me?
hmmm. how about two nights?
that sounds fine.
go ahead and book it, may i have the reference number please?
i also need to book a taxi if we can.
i'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by 6:30.
nope that is all i need today. thank you for your assistance with all this!
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called arbury lodge guesthouse
book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
how about 1 night instead?
thank you, that's all i need. good bye.
i'm coming to town and looking for a good japanese restaurant to try near the town centre. do you have any suggestions?
i'll be needing a table for 6 at 13:30 this next monday, can you help?
thanks for the info! what about attractions in the area?
actually, first, lets get a hotel. are there any cheap places to stay?
i would like it in the centre near the restaurant. it needs to be a guesthouse.
does it have free parking?
that would be great, thanks.
i do not so that will be all, i do need their address and postcode though.
thank you, that's all i need today.
good bye.
know anywhere that has european food?
yes actually, can we find something in the moderate price range?
that would be greatly appreciated. i will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at 18:15. also could i get the reference number?
no, you have been very helpful. thank you.
that should be all i need, thank you.
thanks i appreciate it. bye!
can you help me find a cheap hotel?
on second thought, i don't care what price it is. i just really need a guesthouse with free parking.
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi
i don't need it to be cheap, but i really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.
yes please and i'll need the reference number
starting sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.
is it available for 2 nights?
thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? you can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it
can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?
i need to leave the hotel by 8:00 and go to the theatre thank you.
i believe we got it all done today thanks. goodbye.
hi. i'm looking for a hotel in the east. the internet is not needed.
no, but it should have free parking, please.
is that a guesthouse or a hotel? i'd really prefer a guesthouse.
the price doesn't really matter. i just need free parking. it doesn't really need to have internet though.
okay, none of them don't offer free wifi? if not, i'll need the address for one that does have wifi, please. tell me about your favorite.
great. can you help me with a train as well? i'm looking to come in from ely.
i want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but i need to book for 8 people.
i'm looking for wednesday , arrive by 11:30 for 8 people please.
no, i don't need anything else right now. thank you for your assistance. good bye.
i need a place to eat in the moderate price.
i would love to find a place that serves irish food!
how about international food?
please book a table for 7 at 15:30 on wednesday and provide the reference number. i also need a train leaving thursday and arrive by 13:15.
i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross.
please make a booking for the same group of people.
thursday and for 7 people, i will also need to reference number.
that will be all for today! thanks for your help!
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called city stop restaurant
no, i just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number.
that's all, thank you!
i am visiting and would like to see something interesting in the south.
i'm not particular. is there something you could recommend?
sure, and the phone number, please?
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the same area. a guesthouse that has 3 stars and free internet
no thank you. that's all the information i need.
yes you are welcome thanks for the help
i am looking for a train departing bishops stortford and going to cambridge.
i would like to leave on sunday sometime after 15:15.
yes, two tickets please.
great, thanks. i am also looking for a hotel in town. i would need free wifi, but i don't care about parking.
i am looking for something in the 2 star range. is that 2 stars?
yes, please. a hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.
which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can i get their address please?
no reservation at this time but i would like the address please.
that should be all for today. thank you.
hi, i am looking for a train that will be arriving by 16:00 in cambridge.
i am leaving friday from kings lynn.
thank you for all the information. i would like to book this.
yes, can you also help me find a hotel that has free parking and is expensive?
i would like a 4 star hotel. location isn't important, just quality hotel.
i would like it to have free parking and internet.
the university arms sounds good. i'd like to book 4 nights for 1 person, beginning on friday. and i'll need the reference number, please.
that should be it, thanks!
i'm looking for a place called soul tree nightclub.
what type of attraction is it?
i also need a place to eat that serves indian food.
i want to book a table for 6 at 18:45 on thursday
thank you good bye.
hi, i'm looking for an indian restaurant. i'd prefer something on the west side.
i'm looking for something in the fine dining price range, so the place should be expensive. are there any that fit that criteria?
that sounds good. may i have their postcode, address, and phone number?
no, that's fine.
no, i think that's everything. thank you.
hi, i i'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
i am not sure but i do want it to have a 4 star rating.
not really, but free parking could be nice.
that is perfect. please book 3 days starting on sunday.
there will be 4 people for 2 nights starting monday.
sorry. monday is what i want.
is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on monday?
okay, how about for 1 night?
yes. i do need the booking number and would also like to check into a train.
i'd like to go from broxbourne to cambridge on monday.
i would like to leave after 12:30
yes, please, and can i have a confirmation number as well?
i only need one ticket. thank you.
what is the travel time for the train?
that's all. thanks! goodbye!
looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.
no, i don't have a cuisine preference. i just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday.
that sounds great, thank you. goodbye.
i want a train that leaves from cambridge on monday.
i am headed to stevenage. i cannot get on the train until 14:45.
no, the first train leaving after 14:45 would be fine. i want to book tickets for 8 people.
thanks. can you look for a restaurant that serves british food. it sounds good.
no certain area, but i'd like one in a moderate price range please.
yes, please. that would help me a lot. i would need to book a table at the one you recommend.
yes for 6. and i'll need the reference number.
monday at 11:45 please.
that seems to be everything. thank you for your help.
i am looking for places to visit in downtown cambridge. what are some popular attractions?
recommend something that's in the center of town for me.
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
i want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.
free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.
yes please. i'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting wednesday
yes, i also need a taxi from the hotel at 16:30.
that will be all for today. thanks. goodbye.
hi there, i'm looking for a train that gets into cambridge by 09:30
i'm leaving from kings lynn.
wednesday is the day i want, please.
that would work perfectly. can you get me 5 tickets for that train?
i need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the south.
not really. can i just have the address, postcode, and phone for your favorite?
that is all i need.
can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?
is it located in the south? does it serve lebanese food?
how about italian food?
yes, please. i need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 18:30 on tuesday
i would also like to know more about fun places to go in the south.
is there a college in the south i could visit?
hmm i'm feeling indecisive. why don't you pick one that you like best and then please tell me the entrance fee, attraction type, and address for it.
yes, i'm also looking for a taxi to get between the two places. can you please help?
yes, and i need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.
that will be all. thank you. goodbye.
i would like to find a hotel in the north that has free wifi. what are your suggestions?
it doesn't really matter, but i would like free parking.
yes, i really like 4 star hotels. if you find one, i'd like to book a room.
i prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse. i need a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi in the north.
no and no. i want a 4 star hotel on the north side with free wifi and parking.
can we try another search i really need a place to stay it can be a guesthouse or hotel.
okay, i need a guesthouse with free parking, and 4 stars. price doesn't matter, you can pick one.
does it also have free wifi?
can you book it for me?
i'd like to to book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.
i'm looking for a north indian restaurant that's near the guesthouse. can you find one?
can we find one that serves italian food instead then?
yes that would be great, can you book that please?
i need it for 18:15 for one person on a tuesday.
thanks so much. that is all i need. have a great day. bye.
hello, i would like to eat somewhere expensive in the north.
okay, i want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on saturday.
no thank you. that is all.
i want a train that is leaving from broxbourne.
that would work well with our schedule. thank you!
no thats it thankl you
yes can i please get that?
i don't need to book at the moment. however, i was also interested in finding a restaurant for friday.
i don't really care about cuisine, but i would like something expensive in the center of town. what's your favorite high-end place?
that sounds perfect. could you book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on friday?
awesome. thanks for your help today
i am looking for places to go here in the centre of town. could you please assist me?
i would like to go to a museum please.
does castle galleries have an entrance fee?
wonderful. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant near the castle galleries. can you book me a table for 7 people on sunday at 12:30?
it doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. as long as it's in the same area as castle galleries and serves chinese food.
yes, i would like to go to the sesame restaurant and bar. i would need to book a taxi to get from the museum to the restaurant.
great, wonderful! that's all i needed.
hi there! i'm looking for something fun to do in the center of town. what kind of attractions are there?
yes! i'd like a phone number and address of one of those.
yes i am looking for a restaurant called cafe uno.
yes please. i'll need a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday.
yes, i also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so i will need to be there by 19:15.
can i get the contact number and car type for the cab.
thank you for all of your help. i don't need anything else today.
i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?
i would like a restaurant in the expensive range.
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at panahar on sunday at 13:00.
may i have the reference number for the reservation?
yes please, in the same area and price range, please.
thank you so much. have a great day.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food.
yes go ahead. how about indian? they always have vegetarian options. i would like it to be moderately priced too.
i want a moderate price range please.
no thanks, i'd like to give them a call instead. what is their phone number?
oh yes, actually i need the postcode too.
no, that is everything. thank you for your help.
i'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
i would like north american food.
sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 19:15 please.
are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre?
can you book me in for the asian restaurant then?
nope, i think that will do it, thank you
i'm looking for a high end restaurant in the centre, can you help me out?
i want one that serves light bites.
what about one that has italian food?
that's okay, i'll just pick the first one. can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this monday?
yes, please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found.
thanks so much for your help
i'm looking for yu garden, can you help me find it?
would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on monday?
what is the area and price range for the yu garden, please?
that sounds great. could you book it for me please, and give me the reference number
yes, please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range.
thank you, that is all i need. bye.
can you help me find a train leaving after 9:15 going to ely? thanks.
i am departing out of cambridge. i really do need to leave sometime after 21:15 for sure.
i'm leaving on saturday.
yes please. i need 6 tickets.
thank you. i also need a hotel.
first, can you give me my reference number for the train?
thank you. i need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
i would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 4 stars.
sorry can we go back to the train for a moment? i need the reference number, not the train id for my booking.
back to the guesthouse now ... what is the price range for your favorite one?
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i want a place to dine in the centre of cambridge with moderate pricing
i would like an italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on monday and please provide the reference number.
yes. are there any colleges nearby that i can visit?
thank you! what is the address/postcode for hughes hall?
yes, i would like to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college.
i need to arrive by 14:00.
great! that was all i needed/
i would like to find a guesthouse to stay at, and i don't require free parking.
yes. i would like to stay in the north.
i do not have a particular price range in mind.
no, thank you. can you just give me the phone number, please?
i also need to book a train. it needs to go to cambridge and leave on sunday.
kings lynn is my point of departure.
i would like to know the train id for that train please.
yes please. what is the total travel time and departure time also?
actually, i'm all set. thanks for your help. goodbye!
hi, is there a moderately priced international cuisine restaurant in cambridge?
can you please book one of those for me and provide the address, area and phone number.
hmm, let's see...i'm not sure. before we do that, i also need a hotel in the east part of town with free parking availability.
no thank you, i'll travel there myself. can i get the address and phone number for the restaurant though?
yes, i would. can you also give me the address and phone number for the allenbell guesthouse?
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay that offers free parking for guests.
i would really love a 3 star guesthouse.
what about something that is moderately priced?
let's go with the north. can you book me a room there for thursday please?
3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday or friday.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the center in the same price range.
yes, i would prefer russian food.
hmmm...how about a gastropub instead?
sure, i need to make a reservation for thursday.
it will be at 18:15. i'd like it booked for the same group of people.
i think that is all i need to know about the restaurant.
hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the centre?
i would like to look for one that serves modern european food please.
what is the postcode of that resturant?
i was wondering the price range of the riverside brasserie.
thanks. could you check on a train for me from london kings cross?
i would like to leave after 11:15 on a tuesday.
yes i'd like to book that train for 5 and i'd like the reference number as well please.
i think that will be all for today. thank you.
i'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. it needs to have free parking.
i would like to stay in the west
i am looking for a guesthouse with 0 stars.
is there one in the north?
not yet. can i get the phone number for the hotel first?
could you tell me what price range that hotel is in?
i am looking for some places to go in the east of multiple sports. can you help?
i need a taxi to commute between the two. can you help?
i will be needing to leave the hotel by 16:45. can you arrange that?
okay great. that was all i needed.
i am going to be visiting cambridge and i would love to find a theatre to go to. can you help me?
that sounds like a place i would enjoy. can you give me the address?
yes, please provide info on a hotel called city centre north b and b.
can i have the area the hotel is in?
that would be it. thank you so much. bye!
i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.
i'm actually looking for the warkworth house hotel.
yes, i would like to book for four people starting thursday night and lasting three nights.
yes i am looking for a nightclub in centre of town.
yes can i get the phone number and address for them?
ah, just pick one for me that looks interesting, and give me the address and phone number for that one.
that's all i need. thanks.
can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi?
not a particular area, but i would like free parking.
no, i'm not particular about the price or rating. i do need it available thursday for 3 nights for 3 people.
no thank you. thank you for the reference number 7qvodjmi. goodbye.
i've got a craving for some pasta. can you find me a good italian restaurant on the west side of the city?
yes, definitely the cheap one.
yes, please! i'd like it for 15:15 on thursday for 7 people.
great. i also need a train to stevenage.
yes, i'd like to leave cambridge on friday, sometime after 12:30.
that won't be necessary.
no, that will be all thank you for your help.
hi, i'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the centre of town.
just give me the information for the first one that is free in the centre, like their phone number and postcode please.
i actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the centre of town also.
no particular pricerange, but i want it to be a type of hotel. it doesn't need to include internet.
no, thank you. that will be all. have a great day!
we are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some boat attractions in town. what do you have available?
i haven't decided on what area of town i will be staying in, i would just like to know the boat attractions please.
ok. i would like the name of a specific boat attraction please.
what is the entrance fee?
yes, can you get me information about huntingdon marriott hotel?
can i book lodging for 7 people starting on saturday? we're staying for 4 nights.
i also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 17:15, please.
thank you for your help.
need a moderately priced hotel with 4 stars.
could you find me something that includes free parking and wifi?
great can i book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting thursday?
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving british food
not really, but can you tell me the phone number and price range for your favorite one?
i need a taxi to get between the two places.
i need it by 21:45 from the restaurant to the hotel. i also want to know the car type and the contact number.
no, that is all thank you so much. bye.
i'm looking for a hotel in the north with free wifi.
any price range is fine but i do need free parking
that sounds great. i would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting thursday.
please book a different hotel in the same price range.
thanks so much!
what can you dig up about the pizza express fen ditton?
that's good, thanks. could you book me a table for 3 on wednesday at 15:15?
thank you for your help.
yes please. i'm also looking for a train from london kings cross on that same day.
book one that arrives by 10:15 and goes to cambridge
i will need 3 tickets.
great, what is the departure time for this train?
thanks - that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i'd like to find the lensfield hotel.
yes please i will be there three nights. send me a reference number please.
i'll be there on tuesday.
thank you. i am also looking for places to go in town.
i'm looking for a theatre in the centre of town.
i need their entrance fee and phone number.
i will give the theatre a call, thanks. i also need help with a taxi between the hotel and the theater, please.
i want to leave by 8:15.
thank you. that is all that i need.
can you find me an expensive hotel?
i need one that includes free wifi
the ratings and location do not matter. it must be an expensive hotel not a guesthouse. i will follow your recommendation for 4 nights starting tuesday for 6 people.
yes please. i will need it starting on tuesday for 4 nights. there will be six of us staying.
yes please. one in the same price range.
nope. i just need the hotel to be expensive and include wifi.
that sound awesome. can i have the address?
great thank you! that's all i need. goodbye.
yes, i'm looking for a place to stay. my family can't wait to visit some of the local attractions there.
they really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for hotels instead.
moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting on weds and i need ref number
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called byard art
what's the fee for that?
i would like a taxi between the hotel and the museum.
i want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from lovell lodge to byard art
can i get the contact number and car type?
i think that'll be all. thank you for your help.
i want afghan food in the centre of town.
any price range will be fine.
centre part of town.
how about a place serving turkish food?
i don't care
yes, what is their price range and address?
thank you. good bye.
hello, i'm looking for a college to go to.
what's the most popular? may i have the postcode, entrance fee, and what area is it in?
yes, thank you that will be fine.
wonderful. i am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. i would like for it to have free wifi and in the west.
can you then search for one that is in the south?
great. can i book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting saturday?
i also need to look for a taxi to get between both places.
i would like to leave the college by 18:30.
that's excellent, than you so much for your assistance.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. what is the phone number?
thank you. goodbye.
i am looking for international food anywhere in town.
i don't care
thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please.
yes. where area is it located in? i need it to be in the west.
that won't work. how about an italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced?
yes i would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on friday.
i'm looking for a museum in the western part of town.
free is always good. can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for one that is historical?
thank you. i'm also looking for the panahar restaurant, can you give me directions?
thanks, what is the price range?
no, thanks! i need their phone number and address, though, please.
no, that will do it, thanks!
hello, i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you. good bye.
i need to find a place to stay in the east side
i need a room in the expensive price range.
i'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.
yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead?
that sounds great! may i have their address, please?
thank you. also i am looking for the address of a place called williams art and antiques.
thanks. i would like a taxi to commute between the two places.
i just need to leave the hotel by 03:45.
ok, thanks. that's all i need today!
what have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?
that doesn't matter to me but i do want to make sure i stay somewhere with free parking.
yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?
that would be fine. i also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.
i will go to london's kings crossing from cambridge.
hi, could you possibly help me find a train for my upcoming trip? i've been put in charge of the plans.
i will be departing from cambridge, going to broxbourne. i would like to leave after 17:45 on thursday.
may i please have the price first?
i also need a 4 star hotel with free parking.
broxbourne. and is should have free parking in the cheap price range. i am very frugal
what is the postcode? i want to make sure i don't have any enemies in the area.
hi i'm looking to look at boats. can you look at centre of town?
i think that sounds interesting. can you tell me their postcode?
actually i could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre of town.
it is a special occasion so it can be expensive!
that sounds good. can i get a table for 5 this monday at 18:30? i also need a reference number.
thank you! i will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.
i need to get to the restaurant by 18:30
thank you, that's all i need.
i am looking for italian food in the north part of town.
may i have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria?
thank you. goodbye.
hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
which mexican restaurant would you suggest? i need a table for 4 people at 14:00 on friday
also, are there any concerthalls in the same area of town as the restaurant?
that is too bad. would there be any theatres?
what is the entrance fee?
that should be it today, thank you!
i need a train to broxbourne.
i'll need to travel on sunday, from cambridge to broxbourne, and i'd like to arrive by 10:15 please.
yes please. i need to book it for 7 people. can i please get the reference number after it's booked?
yes, i need a cheap place to stay.
i want it to have star of 4, and include free wifi. it doesn't need to have free parking.
no, the location is flexible. can you tell me if rosa's offers free parking or wifi or both?
yes i need it for friday for two nights for 7 people please. i will also need the reference number.
no thank you. that is all. have a good night. goodbye
i am trying to find the acorn guest house.
no, thanks. i will go ahead and book it myself. i think i have all the information i need. thank you.
actually, could you help find a train as well? to norwich?
i need to leave after 21:30, is there anything closer to that time?
sunday would be good.
no, just leave after 21:30. will you give me the travel time, arrival time and the train id?
no, you've answered all of my questions. thanks so much for your time. bye.
i need a train to norwich. i need to get there right before 20:45.
i will be leaving on sunday.
yes, i will need tickets for 5 people please and a reference number.
i'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. can you help me find a hotel?
i would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 4 stars.
how about simply a cheap one?
no, i just need a place i can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on saturday.
can you check again? a cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting saturday, for 5 people?
that will be all, thank you very much!
hello! i'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
do you have anything in the east?
no can you please check in the north instead then?
yes, i would like to make a reservation on saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 2 nights.
yes i would like something in the same pricerange.
you can change any other criteria, but the price range should be the same as the city centre north b and b. please try again.
that's great. thanks. do you have their address?
ok, i'm all set here. thanks for your help.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
is there anything else?
i need the address.
no. this is it. thank you so much
i am going to cambridge and need a place to stay
a guesthouse would be nice, it should have free wifi and parking and expensive price range
could you try one that is cheap?
are any of those options that are cheap guesthouses?
that sounds nice, what area is that located in and what is their address?
i need a train to cambride.
yes, the train should leave after 08:15 and depart from london kings cross on thursday.
there are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from london kings cross to cambridge on thursday? it doesn't have to be 08:15 exactly.
what time does it arrive and how much will it cost?
okay, thank you for that information. that is all i need for now.
hi i need a cheap hotel in the three star range, please.
ok. i would like it to be a hotel and have free wifi please.
i am really looking for a hotel that is expensive. does the cambridge belfry fit that description?
i'm looking for a particular hotel called "rosa's bed and breakfast".
yes, please. i would like to book a room for 3 people for 2 nights, starting from sunday.
yes, i am looking for molecular gastronomy restaurant located in the centre that is expensive.
actually, how about chinese?
sounds great. i need that for 3 people on sunday at 13:30 please.
yes, please!
oh, that's a shame. okay, can you try the same time on friday instead, please?
no that is all. thanks!
can you help me find a train headed to cambridge on sunday?
i'm departing from london liverpool street, and my train needs to leave after 12:30.
i would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.
that's great can you book it for 8 people?
awesome. i also need a hungarian restaurant in the centre, please.
sure. what about modern european?
no, i'm not really particular about the price. any modern european restaurant would be great.
yes please, same group of eight, sunday, 16:45.
no thanks. that will be everything. goodbye.
i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food.
indian, please.
thank you, goodbye!
i need to find a place to stay. i want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
i need the place to be a guesthouse.
any guesthouse with free parking and free wifi will work. could you tell me where one is and the # of stars?
no but i am needing a train to stevenage.
we will travel on friday.
i'll need a train that arrives by 10:15 and book for 6 people.
no, you've been fantastic. thanks for all your help!
i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
west part of town.
can you please let me know the address?
are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town? can i get the address for another one?
thank you goodbye.
looking forward to visiting and seeing some local attractions. i am looking for a place to stay. can you help?
no specific area, but i would like for it to be expensive. it needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
i do need parking and wifi.
i prefer the four star
can i have the address, post code, and star of university arms?
i am also in the mood for a museum.
somewhere near my hotel would be good.
sounds awesome! can you tell me the area it's in along with the postcode and address?
i'll also need the address please.
okay that will be all today, thanks for your help.
i am looking for an attraction focused on architecture.
can i get the postcode for it as well please?
thanks. are there any guesthouses nearby? it's okay if it doesn't include internet.
no. i need free parking and a 4 star rating. would you possibly have a guesthouse with that.
that hotel sounds good to me. thank you.
please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
a gastropub sounds great.
yes, please, i need a table for 8 on tuesday at 17:45.
i'd like to find a place to go in town
how about a multiple sports place near that restaurant.
no thanks, i just need the phone number please.
i also need a taxi to go between the two.
i will need to be picked up by 5.
from the cherry hinton village center, please.
nope. i am all done. thanks.
hello, can you help me find information about finches bed and breakfast in cambridge?
yes please! i'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on sunday.
thanks for your help. have a good day!
hello, can you recommend a cheap hotel with free parking, please?
do they have free wifi as well as parking?
is this a guesthouse?
you know, the part of town doesn't so much matter, i'd really like to find a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
yes please.
there will be 8 of us for 2 nights starting saturday
how about switching it to 8 people for 1 night?
yes please try again.
are there any fun places to go ?
i'm thinking a museum.
that sounds fun! could you tell me the phone number, area, and entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?
i think that's all i need for today. thanks. goodbye.
i'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.
anything you can recommend would be fine.
that sounds interesting. can you give me their phone number and postcode? also, is there a train leaving at 11:45 on wednesday?
i need to go from cambride to birmingham new street.
i need to leave at 11:45
can you look again for 1 person?
what times are the 12 departures?
okay, then i guess book it for 11:01 please. and i need a reference number please.
just give me one.
wonderful! thank you for your help.
no, that will be all. thank you.
i am looking for something to do later in the centre of town.
i would like to go to a college in the centre of town.
no, any one will be find. will you pick one for me and send me the address information and phone number?
thank you, that is all.
sorry, actually i need an expensive restaurant as well.
i want to try european food wherever it may be.
thanks that is all i needed for today
yes, i am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving catalan food.
how about a restaurant that serves british food?
can you recommend a good one for me? i'll need the address and postcode.
yes. i would like to go to a museum in the centre of town. if price is no object, what's the best one?
the primavera sounds good. can you give me the phone number, address and postcode?
yes, i'll need a taxi from the primavera to oak bistro. can you make sure i leave the primavera no later than 17:00?
wonderful, that is everything i needed. thank you!
i need a train to get to stansted airport by 17:30
yeah, tuesday. thanks.
cambridge. get me the travel time
i also need the name and number of an expensive place to dine in the city center. whatever you recommend.
the restaurant should serve romanian food
what about something that serves european food?
no, thanks, i just need the address of one of them, please.
that is it for today thanks for helping
howdy, i'm looking for a place to stay. i don't care about internet.
i would like a cheap hotel in the north please.
yes i like that one with the free wifi.
yes and make it for friday for 2 days, and 2 people.
thank you so much for your help.
i want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
i prefer a hotel near the main street. i want a hotel that includes free wifi
actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's moderately priced, 4 star, and offers wifi.
sounds good. starting monday, please, for 3 people, 3 nights.
i suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 3 people.
it doesn't matter.
that is all. thank you.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
yes, as i already mentioned, i want a place in the center of town. i'd also like to have chinese food, please.
sure! can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on thursday?
no, the reference number is all i need. i will find it. thanks!
no, that's it! thanks for your help!
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food.
i would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please.
yes. i want to book a table for 3 people on tuesday at 19:45.
could you try 18:45 instead?
thank you very much. have a great day.
good morning. i am planning a visit to cambridge and need some help with details. i hear there are a lot of places to see.
i am interested in the east part of town.
great! what i really need is a guesthouse in the east, what do you have available?
price does not matter but it needs to have free parking.
i would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on monday
see if you can book 2 nights, please.
okay, what attractions are nearby the hotel?
take your pick. i am open to anything as long as it is in the east area.
alright i'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, i'll most likely leave the fun house at 6:00.
fantastic, you've been a great help!
is there any moderately priced hotel that offers free parking by any chance?
i'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 3 star rating.
hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting thursday and need a confirmation number thank you
i also need to find a moderately priced italian restaurant.
i will act on your suggestion.
can you reserve a table?
actually, i don't need a booking yet. you've told me that prezzo is in the east. all i need is the postcode.
ok great thank you. that is all the information i need today.
i want to find an attraction called primavera.
great can i get the postcode for it?
thank you. have you heard of a particular restaurant, i think it's called gourmet burger kitchen?
yes i would, could you book a table for 2 at 18:15 on tuesday?
thank you, goodbye, have a great day
i am looking for information for warkworth house.
thank you. does this guesthouse provide internet?
right now i am just gathering information. what is it's price range, star of the hotel, and also is internet available?
i'd also love to go to a swimming pool. can you find me one?
oh thank you for that information. are they reasonable?
okay, and what is the address and phone number for the abbey pool?
i'd like you to book me a taxi from the warkworth house to abbey pool please. i need to leave the hotel by 8:30.
that should be all. thank you!
i want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.
it doesn't matter but it should be a guesthouse.
guesthouses not hotel, sorry can you suggest one and give me their phone number please
as long as it's a guesthouse with 4 stars and free parking i will be happy. which one do you recommend?
please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 4 stars.
can you recommend a chinese restaurant in the centre area?
i don't care about the price. can you recommend anything?
that sounds great. can i get a table for 8 people at 16:45 on saturday?
i need a taxi also to get to the restaurant on time.
from the guesthouse to the restaurant
a moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.
i would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please.
what is the postcode?
thank you, that'll be all!
i need a place stay, some place in the east with a 4 stars.
something cheap, please!
can you tell me the address, including post code?
i am looking for gastropub food around the same area as the hotel
no particular price range. which one do you recommend?
yes, if you could that would be great. thank you
i need a table for 8 at 15:45 on friday.
no that was all i needed thank you so much.
i'm traveling to cambridge and i need a train that leaves on friday.
i'd like to get on the train at london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 15:15.
that sounds perfect! can i purchase 3 tickets on that train, please?
yes, i would also like a place to eat near the centre area. can you assist me with that?
what i'd really like is spanish food. what are my choices?
la raza sounds great. can i book a table for 3 on friday at 19:15?
no that's it! thank you for your help!
l am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center.
it is a special occasion so i am hoping for an expensive place.
what is the address and post code for the one you say is best?
thanks so much, i don't need anything more today
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
i would prefer mexican
what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the north part of town.
is it in the moderate price range?
then find me a place that does suit my needs.
is that a 4-star hotel?
i'm fairly certain that it should show how many stars the hotel has.
okay, thank you! what is the star rating?
that will do. can you give me the information about the hotel?
sounds good. would you like me to make your reservation? if so, i'll need the dates you plan on staying.
oh, silly me. i used to be in customer service. no, i don't need a reservation. i am looking for places to go around there though.
any kind, whatever you recommend. it should be located in the north.
any kind that you recommend, as long as it is located in the north. i just need to know the attraction type of the one you recommend. please.
any that you can suggestfor me
yes, please find more information on the park and boat attractions in the north.
that is enough for today thank you
i'm looking for a train leaving on friday that arrives by 1:45 pm. can you help me?
i will be departing from cambridge to ely.
i don't have a departure time preference. can you let me know how much the price is for the earliest departure out of those four trains?
no thanks. but can you find a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre?
how is the pricing there?
no, just the address and postcode please.
thanks so much! that will be all for today!
hello, i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and i would like it to have free parking.
no but it would also need free wifi.
i need the north part of town
has it free parking?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30
monday and i actually meant 17:30 and for 6 people. sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.
just one please.
i would like the contact number an car type.
i need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.
oh, i seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. can you look up taj tandoori for me?
i'd like to book a table at taj tandoori for 6 people on monday at 17:30
i'll also need a taxi.
i need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.
no, that's all for today. thank you for all your help. have a great day!
i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food
can i have the phone number and address please?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a place to eat. i want to eat modern european food in the expensive price range please.
that sounds great! could you give me the address?
not now, but i do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 19:45.
i want to depart from stevenage on wednesday please.
the only time specification is that the train leaves stevenage after 19:45.
yes, that will work. can you please book 4 tickets for that train. and can i get the reference number please.
no thank you. that was all the information that i needed, i appreciate everything you have done for me.
are there any indian restaurants there?
i want to dine in the west.
i would prefer moderate price range.
no, i just need to know the postcode.
got everything. thanks. goodbye.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
can i have some information about the ashley hotel? does it have internet?
what is the price range of the ashley? also, it's a hotel, right? not a guest house?
not at this time but i would like a train departing from stevenage going to cambridge on a monday leaving after 15:00.
yes, please make a booking for 5 people. kindly give me the reference number when you have completed it.
that is all, thank you!
do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? i'll need the address and phone number.
thank you good bye.
i'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
i'm wanting to see the new reese witherspoon movie. would they happen to have a cinema in that area?
could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?
great! i also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?
i'm not picky. whichever one you choose will be fine. i just need a phone number, address, and postcode please.
can you reserve me a taxi? i need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies.
going to vue cinema
i want to leave the restaurant by 11:00.
i need to buy a bus.
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 11:00
thank you for booking the car for me.
that is all, enjoy the rest of your day.
can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? i'm interested in a cheap mediterranean restaurant.
that sounds like a great restaurant. is it really good?
sure! it's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 18:00 on wednesday. can i get the reference number, too?
thanks so much. are you able to help with train schedules too?
i need to travel from cambridge to stansted airport.
i want to leave from cambridge on thursday and arrive by 16:00 on that same day.
that will work. could you reserve 4 seats on that train for me?
no, that is everything that i needed. thank you so much for all of your help! goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food.
are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town?
any price range would be fine.
please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants.
can i have the phone number to one more restarant please?
no, thank you. that is good. good bye.
yes, i would be interested in the british food fare that is available. just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice. thank you.
centre of cambridge
the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 2 this monday at 12:45 please.
perfect! thank you
nope that's it! thanks so much!
what do we have in cambridge as far as british food?
since i am only worried about cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the centre area
yes. please book it for 8 people on monday at 16:45.
i also need to get a train on the same day as the restaurant booking
i'm leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.
does it arrive by 10:45?
okay can i book that for 8 people?
that is all i need today. thank you for your help!
i am looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free wifi.
moderate would be best.
do they offer free wifi? if so, i would like to have the address, please.
i also looking for places to go in town.the attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the same area as the hotel
okay, could you look for one that is architecture instead?
sounds good. does it have an entrance fee?
that's all i need. you have been very helpful. thank you so much!
are there any sports related entertainment venues on the west side of cambridge?
can you look for a museum in that area?
you couldn't find a museum in the west area?
either a fee or not is fine it woes not matter.
what is the address for lynne strover?
thank you, we will try there! now i need help finding a restaurant that serves african food that is in the same location as the museum.
is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves british food?
it does not matter. just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 13:45 on friday.
okay thanks. that's all for now. bye.
i'm looking for information on churchill college.
yes. what type of attraction is churchill college? can you also give me the phone number and the address?
i'd also like a place to stay in the center of town.
yes, i'd like a moderately priced hotel, please. 0 stars would be fine.
yes please. i'll need a room for one person and i'd like to stay for 5 nights beginning on thursday.
can we try for 4 nights please?
thank you. that is all i need!
thank you. i intend to!
i am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.
do they serve international food? that's what i was hoping for!
no thank you that will be all
hello, can you recommend local restaurants?
no. i am interested in the cambridge arts theatre. can you provide me with the phone number and postcode?
thanks for the theatre info. let's go back to the restaurant search. i feel like spanish food, in the moderate price range, please.
yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at 14:30. and i will absolutely need a reference number from you
i will also need to book a taxi.
can the taxi pick me up from the cambridge arts theatre.
to la tasca, by 14:30
that's all for now. thank you for all your help.
hello, i am looking for a local restaurant that serves indian food and is located in the centre of town.
i would like it to be an expensive place to eat.
i would actually like to book a table for tuesday.
i have a party of 8 and need it for 14:45. can you help me with that?
on tuesday. book and give me the reference number
i would also like to find some where fun to go in the centre of town.
i was looking for something for a type of multiple sports.
how about a swimming pool?
okay, what are the hours they're open?
okay, that's all i need. good bye.
hello, i need some assistance with finding a nice italian restaurant in centre of cambridge.
i am interested in cheap restaurants.
yes please, just me on tuesday, at 15:30.
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay for the night, and i can't break the bank on it either.
any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a guesthouse.
that sounds great! can you book a room there for 3 nights? just me, and i'll be arriving on tuesday.
i need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to make sure i get there by 15:30.
no. i think you took care of everything. have a nice night. bye.
can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north side?
yes, are there any that serve persian food? i would also like a phone number.
it doesn't really matter then. i just need to know the type of food, name of the restaurant, and their phone number.
i am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 2 star hotel.
can you please send me reviews
do they include free parking?
no. but i also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by 20:00. could you provide a contact number and car type with my taxi booking please?
yes, from hakka, to the ashley hotel please. i want to leave hakka at 20:00.
that is all i need for today. thank you!
i'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the north part of town.
i don't care about star rating so much, but it the hotel needs to include free wifi.
yes i need parking.
that will work. what is the phone number, address, and star rating for the hotel?
thanks. i'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel can you help me out?
is there one that serves fusion food and if they don't, is there any that serve indian food?
that sounds good. i need a table for two at 16:00 on thursday.
wonderful, thanks. can you also help me find a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to my hotel?
yes, i actually need to arrive by 16:00 at the restaurant so the 18:00 will not work.
from the hotel to the restaurant, please.
great thank you very much that's all the info i need.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food.
yes, i'd like the address, phone number and postcode please.
thank you, goodbye.
i need a train to stansted airport. i'd like to arrive by at least 21:45
i will be leaving cambridge on monday.
no thats fine and that will be all thank you
actually, could you just give me some information on sesame restaurant and bar?
just their address and phone number please.
are there any expensive portuguese restaurants in cambridge?
oh no, not even in the west part of town?
i really need something in the west. could you try indian food instead?
the rice boat would be lovely. i'll need a table on friday at 19:00. it should be for 4 people. i'll also need a reference number, please?
i am also looking for a hotel in the same area with zero stars.
are you sure? a 0 star hotel in the west side of time. please check again.
could you try looking for a guesthouse in the 4 star range?
okay, great. i'll need to book for friday, 2 nights, and 4 people, please?
no, that's all i need for today. thanks!
i am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi.
i don't care about that. i would like it to have a 4-star rating.
do they have free parking?
no thanks just needed a recommendation on a place to stay.
just the postcode for the acorn, please.
great. thanks for all your help.
i want to find a nice, expensive place to dine in the centre.
i want a place that serves astropub
yes, for 2 people at 11:45 on wednesday
thanks. i'm also looking for a hotel with free wifi.
i want a hotel close to backstreet bistro. not too expensive.
yes book room for 2 starting wednesday for 5 nights and get me reference number.
could you retry, only starting on wednesday?
are there any expensive hotels in that area?
great, thank you. i'm good to go now. bye!
don't care about price, just looking for thai food.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
hello are you familiar with rosa's bed and breakfast? i've been looking for this hotel for forever!
okay. yes let's book it from tuesday for 4 people for 5 nights.
that's it, thank you for the help.
wait, can you also find me a place to dine?
im looking for a place that serves swiss food, more on the expensive side.
yes korean please, i love that bbq lol
yes, 4 people at 14:30 on tuesday.
you seem nice, but i would rather just have this meal with my group, plus you have access to the taxi system, not me., but thank you for help
no. thank you. the lodging and dining were my concerns. goodbye.
i'm looking for a train to stevenage, please.
i would like to leave on saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to cambridge.
i am departing from stevenage. i need to book seats for 8 people to cambridge on a saturday to arrive by 21:00.
early evening please.
close to arriving by 21:00. i need to book it for 8 people for a saturday.
yes, i'd like 8 tickets please. may i also have the reference number? .
i'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.
how about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?
can i have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? i would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.
thanks! i think that's all i need.
i'm looking for info on a restaurant called la tasca.
what is the price range?
and what's the post code that goes with that address?
yeah, i need information about colleges in town. can you help me with that?
i will take the address, phone number and fee for the one you recommend
that's really helpful. thanks. i think thats all i needed. have a nice day. bye.
i need a place to stay while i'm in cambridge. can you recommend some place in the centre of town?
in the moderate price range please with free parking
how about one in the north area?
i'll take the first one you have listed, and i need to know the star rating, phone number, and postcode please.
no i just needed that information. i am also looking for a train from peterborough to cambridge.
sunday, thank you.
i want to leave after 11:45.
not right now, but i do need the travel time and fare, please.
that was all, thank you for your help today!
thank you for you help>
i need lodgings, and i'd like to stay in an expensive guesthouse.
i would like a 4 star hotel, in an expensive guesthouse please. thanks!
what about a moderate priced one instead?
i don't have an area preference.
do you know what area that is in and whether they have internet?
can i please have the address along with post code?
thanks, that takes care of everything for me. have a good one!
i am looking for a hotel in cambridge with free parking.
no, although i would like them to include free wifi as well.
that will be fibne,i need you to book it for me
any day is fine after 7:45.
lets not book the hotel. can you help find me a train departing from norwich to cambridge on saturday that leaves after 19:45?
yes, for 4 people please.
great, can i get the area for the hotel as well please. just wonder what part of town it's in?
that is everything. thank you so much for your help!
i'm looking for a guest house in cambridge, please and thank you.
i'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star guesthouse. is there one in the north?
what is the price range and do they have wifi?
does it have wifi?
hello! i am looking for places to stay in cambridge. can you help me with this?
i would like an expensive place in the north.
can we try to find one that is in the east please?
yes, for one person and four nights on thursday.
could you try to book it for one night instead?
thanks. i also need a train to leicester. can you help with that?
yes. i would like to leave at 15:15 on friday.
yes, can i get the reference number?
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food
please check for italian food. i will also need the address and phone number.
it doesn't matter.
thank you. goodbye!
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
what is the address and phone number for frankie and bennys?
thank you
which part of town it is in ?
no, that was it. bye bye.
i'm looking for something to do.
that is great. please get for me the entrance fee, address, and phone number.
i need a place to stay too. could you give me information on the alpha-milton guest house?
yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 8 people starting saturday? i will need a booking reference number as ell.
no, thank you. i think i have everything i need today. goodbye.
i would like to book a reservation at an indian restaurant in the expensive price range
no, i'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the south?
can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on sunday?
no thank you. that is all i needed.
i need information on a hotel named,"rosa's bed and breakfast".
no thanks. i just need their post code.
i also am looking for a restaurant called stazione resaurant and coffee bar.
no thank you that is all i needed.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
what is the address and phone number?
ok, thanks. that's all i need.
i am looking for an expensive french restaurant.
can i get the address of one place?
that's it. thank you, goodbye
hi, have you heard of the j restaurant? i'd like some information about it.
no thanks. that's all i needed to know.
no, that should do it. later.
i'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive.
chinese food sound good.
what is their address and postcode?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town.
i want the indian one. what's the address and phone number ?
thank you very much
i would like to book a moderately priced italian restaurant if you can find one please.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the moderate price range. the restaurant should be in the east.
sure. i need a reservation for 4 people at 17:00 on sunday.
can you try 16:00 instead please?
yes i need a train going to broxbourne monday.
after 13:30 on monday.
i don't think i'll book just yet, but thank you for the information. to confirm, the travel time is 60 minutes?
no i think that will be all. thank you.
i would like to find some entertainment in the centre of the city.
how about some architecture to visit in the center?
ok, what's the phone number?
yes, please find a restaurant in the moderate price range and same area as the attraction.
how about portuguese food?
how about international food?
please book the varsity for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00.
that is all thanks.
i'm trying to find a hotel called worth house. can you help me?
great! yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.
i will be for 3 nights starting this thursday.
i also need a train.
i would like to leave on sunday from cambridge.
the train should leave after 10:45 and should go to bishops stortford.
yes book the tickets please.
thanks, that's all i need. good bye.
hey there, i'm craving chinese food. where in the centre can i find some?
yes moderate would work best for me.
yes please with phone number
no, i can make one myself later. can you help me find a place to stay in the same area as the restaurant?
i would like it have rating of 0 stars.
a hotel that is a 0 star rating,would you like a booking
yeah, that'll work. what's the address?
give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, i want to leave the hotel at 19:15.
no, you have taken care of everything for me. thanks for being so helpful. bye.
what can you tell me about the hotel el shaddai?
no but i would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.
yes, i am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the centre of town.
i just want the phone number and entrance fee please
i asked you for the phone number not the address.
great, thank you. could you also help me with booking a taxi to go from the hotel to the cinema?
there are 8 of us going.
i want to leave at 12:30 from my hotel and go to the cinema. please give me the car type and phone number
there's nothing more that i need. thanks, bye!
i want to find a restaurant in the west that serves light bites. do you have any suggestions?
what are some expensive restaurants?
i'd like indian food, please.
not just yet but please get me their post code, phone number and address
yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the west?
what about a college?
thank you! just give me the postcode and i should be good to go.
awesome. can i get a taxi from the college by 12:15?
i'm headed to tandoori palace from the college.
thank you for booking that taxi and giving the contact number and car type.
no thank you! that will be all!
i want a train leaving on sunday.
i need to arrive by 13:15 and i am leaving from broxbourne going to cambridge.
not just yet. what's the cost for a ticket on that train?
i am trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house
i need to know the prive range.
no that would be all.
i need a hotel and i need free wifi and parking.
a guesthouse in the north will be fine.
no, that should be it. can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?
i need a place to stay in the east. i don't need to have access to the internet.
price does not matter, but can you find one without free parking?
does it have free wi fi? i need free wi fi
yes, please. can i book it for 2 people on monday night with a 5 night stay?
how about something else in the same price range?
can i have the address please?
thank you so much. that is all.
i am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.
i am looking in the cambridge area.
ok no preference for area any guest house
no that doesn't matter. please just recommend a guesthouse for me that has both parking and internet
sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning sunday.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.
asian oriental, and expensive please!
yes, i'd like a table for four people at 13:30 on wednesday please.
yes, please do give me the reference number.
can you also help me find a hotel?
i want an expensive 3 star hotel that has free internet. the area doesn't matter.
the gonville please
yes, for 4 people. it'll be a total of 4 nights starting from wednesday.
i don't need anything else.
can i get a train to cambridge on friday?
actually, i need to depart from leicester after 12:15.
yes. could you give me the train id?
i need to find a cheap modern european restaurant.
can i please have the phone number and postcode?
no, that should be all. thank you for all your help.
i'm going to cambridge and i need a train that leaves on wednesday.
i'd like to leave from standsted sometime after 15:30.
that will work, can you reserve 7 seats for us on that train please?
thank you can you help me find a place to eat as well?
i'm sorry i don't need a restaurant, i need to find a hotel that has 2 stars.
that sounds great. book it for me for 7 people for 4 nights starting from the same day.
that is all i need, thank you!
i'm looking for a korean restaurant that's expensive.
is it in the centre of town?
yes, please! i need a table for 8 on wednesday at 12:00.
how about 11:00 on wednesday instead?
no. that will be everything today. thank you.
i want a place to stay in the east.
doesn't matter too much. i'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the guesthouses.
could you give me their phone number? i would like to verify that they have free parking.
yeah, i need something to eat. i'm starving.
i'm looking for australian food in the moderate price range, any area is fine.
i'd also like to try a turkish restaurant. is that possible?
i don't mind changing the area. i just need moderate pricing and want something that serves turkish food.
lets try anatolia.
for 4 people at 17:45 on friday please.
no that will be all. thank you for your help! goodbye
i'm looking for a hotel to stay at during my trip to cambridge. i'd like it to be in the centre.
the expensive price range.
yes, please. there are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 4 nights, starting on wednesday.
yes, i'm also looking for places i should check out. is there an entertainment attraction in the same area as the hotel?
okay, what about a college in the same area?
no thank you that will be all
i want to find somewhere to go in the centre.
yes, attractions to visit.
i don't know. can you recommend your favorite thing to do?
okay, great. i'll also need to know the postcode, if possible?
i also need to find restaurant serving modern european food.
ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at 05:30 and can i have a description and contact information for the taxi? thanks.
that will be all, thank you.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm looking for a hotel called, archway house.
alright. i'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.
i will also need a train for saturday, leaving after 13:45.
going to cambridge.
i will be departing from london kings cross.
there will be 2 people.
yes please. could you also provide me the reference number?
ok, thank you.
great thank you! that's all i needed! bye!
can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
no, anything with availability is fine. i also don't care if it has internet or not.
i changed my mind about the internet. does leverton house have free wifi?
no, i just really need the postcode. is this a moderate?
yes. what is the price range for leverton house?
that is all i need for now. thanks.
i'm planning my trip and i need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by 17:30.
im leaving cambridge and it will be on saturday
i need to arrive by 17:30.
i am not particular about departure time, please book 6 seats on the one arriving earliest and let me know the reference number.
yeah, i need to grab something to eat. i'm looking for a malay place in the centre of town.
how about some indian food. is there any in the centre?
it doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 6.
yes please. i need a table for 6 at 12:45 on saturday.
thank you. you have answered all my questions and i am all set now. goodbye.
what time of entertainment places are there in the center of town?
are there any swimming pools near by?
great, i'm assuming cb11ly is the postcode, may i also have the phone number there.
thank you i also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
how about someplace with european food?
could you recommend one for me, and give me the phone number and postcode?
yes, thank you. can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by 13:30?
i don't care about that right now.
we will be leaving from the south side.
gonville place is from where i'll be departing
i need to leave the restaurant by 13:30 please.
great! that is all i need.
yes that's all. thanks for the help!
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
honestly, i am not sure. which ones do you show available?
can you make a reservation at loch fyne's for 4 people at 14:30 on sunday?
thanks so much. that is all i need. have a great day.
i'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
any of them with free wifi and 4 star rating?
yes, that sounds good. i need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from thursday. is that possible?
yes, i'm also needing to book a train to cambridge; i must arrive by 12:45 and no later please.
i want to take the train on thursday.
i should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on saturday. i just need the price of one ticket.
i need to know how much it will cost per ticket.
thank you. i appreciate the help.
hello. i'm trying to plan my trip to cambridge and need to find a hotel with free parking.
i also want free wifi and i need the hotel to be cheap as i don't have a lot of money to spend.
i don't care what part of town it's in. i do need a room for 6 people, 4 nights, and we're arriving on saturday.
i'd prefer the hotel please.
no, lets try reserving it for 2 nights instead.
i also need a place to dine that serves international food and should be in the cheap price range.
that sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on saturday at 12:00?
great! that's all i needed, thanks for your help.
are there any moderately priced places to eat with british styled food?
cotto is fine. i want to book a table for 1 person at 12:00 on sunday.
yes, please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
thank you that sounds like a great place.
no, that will be all. thank you very much.
i would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the north area of town.
yeah, what is the entrance fee for that?
can you find me a 4 star hotel as well?
i want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. i'd like it to be a hotel and 4 stars with free wifi.
a guesthouse would be fine as long as it has free wifi.
can you tell me if they provide free parking?
i don't need a reservation at this time, but i would like to know their price range and address.
thanks for all the information!
i am looking for a train for tuesday going to birmingham new street.
cambridge and i would like to leave tuesday
i want it to arrive by 10:45.
yes please book 5 seats.
yes i'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.
yes, i prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.
any of those will be fine. please send the reference number and location.
i'd like to check in on friday for 4 nights. book it for 5 people.
that is all i need, thank you so much.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
i don't care.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre
it should be in the cheap price range.
i'd like to book a table for 1 at 12 on tuesday.
yes, i'll need the reference number of my reservation.
thanks, that's all i need. good bye.
i am looking for japanese food in the south part of town.
try mexican, then.
i'll take any type of cuisine, then. i just need a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on saturday.
mexican, please.
yes please. are you sure there are no japanese or mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day?
okay i guess. try booking there please.
thank you for your help. have a great day.
please help me look for a train that leaves on friday and arrives at its destination by 1:15 pm.
i am leaving from cambridge.
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.i need the the reference number
i am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves south african food.
could you check the city center for me?
how about indian?
yes please and a confirmation number too
i don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?
that is it for today thank you very much
i'd like information on trains departing from cambridge and arriving at london kings cross.
i would like to leave sunday and arrive by 14:30.
ok. thanks. that's what i wanted.
yes, can you please?
thanks so much for all of your help
i need to find an expensive mediterranean restaurant.
yes whatever one you recommend. i'll need seating for 7 people at 11:00 on sunday please.
thank you that is all i needed.
i'm looking for a place to stay. i need to find free parking and i only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that.
the hotel should include free wifi.
yes, please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
is it in the same price range?
and what were the marriott prices like?
expensive price is fine.
that was all i needed today, thank you!
i am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.
no i don't have a preference. i want to book for four people at 15:00 on saturday.
thank you. can you please give me the reference number?
no that will be all. thank you so much for all of your help!
i need a hotel the next town over.
i don't care which part of town it is. i just want a cheap place with free wifi.
yes please do and send me the reference number.
i need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday please.
can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town centre?
thank you. i will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by 21:30. send me the contact number and car type please.
my destination will be going from the castle galleries and going back to the alexander bed and breakfast
that is all i need today. thank you.
i need a place to stay and i would like a guesthouse.
no but i want it to be cheap and have a 4 star rating.
any area of cambridge is fine. can you suggest a guesthouse that meets my criteria?
yes please book a room for 1 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre.
i want somewhere cheap in the centre please
i am willing to try any one of them. could you make a recommendation, please?
no need for a reservation. can you just give me the postcode?
that is everything. thanks!
i need a nice place to stay, do you have those?
i would like to stay in the centre of town.
i would like the moderate price range.
yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
i would like more info on the travellers rest, it is a restaurant.
sure. i would like to book it for 6 people on monday at 14:30.
i also need to find a taxi.
can they pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant in time for my reservations?
that's it for me today. thank you, bye
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the cambridge area. i really like european food.
can you first tell me where it is located? it needs to be in the centre part of cambridge.
what is the postcode?
what is the type of hotel?
how many stars does the hotel have? i am looking for a zero star hotel.
can you please book the restaurant?
i will be there on sunday. it's just me.
i don't know where my head was, i don't need a reservation. thanks. i do need a 0 star hotel in the centre though.
what's the hotel type and postcode?
fantastic, that's all i needed, thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a particular restaurant named bedouin. can you help?
can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on wednesday?
great, thank you so much. that'll be all for today. bye!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
pardon? is that the name of a restaurant?
what is the address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i need a place in the north with free wifi, please.
i don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.
no that does not matter. please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
that sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on sunday.
yes, can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 11:15 on the same day?
that will be all. thank you!
i am trying to find when the train is leaving sunday cambridge can you help me?
i am heading to ely.
oh, not ely, sorry. i need to leave after 16:00 going to london liverpool street.
that is good, i also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.
a guesthouse in the east, please
are there any lebanese restaurants in the city?
can i have the phone number please.
thank you, goodbye.
i need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 09:15.
i'm going to leicester on sunday.
there will be 2 of us. can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.
i would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.
no, i would just like the address and hotel type, please.
no thank you. i appreciate your help today. goodbye!
can you help me find a resturant?
i am looking at the missing sock. i need to book it monday at 19:15 for 6 people.
great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the centre area also?
i want to visit an entertainment attraction please
what about any museums in the centre of town?
thank you, can you give me the phone number and postcode?
i want a taxi. i'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by 19:15. please give me the car and contact info.
no, that is all i need for today. thank you for all your help!
book me a train from birmingham new street that leaves after 19:15.
i need to leave on tuesday to arrive in cambridge.
i don't need it booked just now. can you let me know the travel time and arrival time for tr5859?
i also need a place to stay.
a guest house with free parking, it doesnt matter whether or not wifi is included.
yes can you please.
ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 4 nights for 4 people.
thank you so much you have been a tremendous help!
no, that will be all. thank you!
hello, i'm trying to take a train on wednesday that leaves from broxbourne. can you help me book a ticket?
i really need one that leaves after 11:00.
it doesn't matter, as long as i can book it for 6 people. i will need the reference number please.
thanks, i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.
i'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. got any reco on chinese places?
pick one for me. book it for the same group of people at 18:45 on the same day.
are any of those expensive?
try it for 18:45 on the same day wednesday, and please give me the reference number. it will be for 6 people.
that should be it. thanks for your help!
i am looking for a place serving expensive indian food
let's try the west part of town.
okay, can you book for 7 people on sunday at 14:00?
yes, if one is in the same area and price range as cocum.
no, that is all i need thank you.
i need a hotel to stay in the east area.
i definitely want a hotel, and i'd like a place that has 4 stars.
no i don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine.
and there are no hotels? just guesthouses?
does it have free parking?
no, i don't need to book just yet. but i was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town.
as long as it is in the moderate price range, i am open to your recommendation.
let's go with the italian place. make me a reservation for friday for 8 at 15:15 please.
thank you that will be all for now
i want to board a train on thursday. can you help me with that?
i am travelling to cambridge and it should depart from london kings cross.
i need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.
please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.
great, thank you! i'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. can you help out?
i am not picky about the area. i prefer the moderate price range and a 4-star rating, please.
i really don't care about the area, can you just suggest one for me?
yes please book the acorn guest house. also could you give me the address for the hotel.
no thank you. i just needed the address. thanks for your help.
can you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.
what can you recommend? and please i need free wifi.
does it have free wifi? is it in the north?
check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday.
i am looking for a hotel please.
yes, what is the reference number? i also need a train that departs from cambridge by 12:30 can you assist with that?
will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from monday?
yes i also need to find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.
wednesday. i will need 1 ticket.
no, that's it. thanks!
i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant to eat at.
can you book me a table for 6 at 15:00 on sunday?
can you see if there is a table for 6 at 14:00 on sunday, then?
thank you, can you please help me find a train on sunday that will arrive in cambridge on time for my reservation?
i actually need a train from leicester to cambridge on sunday that arrives by 10:45.
yes, that would work. can you go ahead and book me 6 tickets and provide me with the reference number, please?
awesome, you have been very helpful. that's all i need.
i'm looking for the cherry hinton hall and grounds.
yes, could you give me the postcode please?
i want to find a hotel in the west. it needs to have free parking.
i will try the huntingdon marriot.
yes, i need a room starting on tuesday.
i will need three nights and with 5 people.
actually i was mistaken, i need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday.
yes please. one day is fine.
i also need a taxi to get me between the two places please.
i'd like to leave by 16:15.
that takes care of everything. thank you!
i'm looking for a place, i think it's called the arbury guesthouse and lodge. can you help me?
what is their address?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
can you find a train for me as well?
i also need a train.
departing from stevenage, going to cambridge. friday, want to leave after 12:45. i want the train id, price, and travel time, please.
nope, that's all i needed thanks
can you recommend a restaurant to me in the south part of town? i don't want to spend a lot of money.
the type of food doesn't matter to me.
is there anything else?
what is the phone number?
that will be good. thank you!
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food. what is the address and phone number?
i do not care. please suggest one.
what is their address and phone number?
no, thank you, goodbye.
hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called hakka?
i need to reserve in for thrusday.
yes, i would like a reservation at 18:15 on thursday for two.
is there an opening at 17:15?
i also need a train that leaves after 17:00 on friday departing from cambridge.
i need to go to birmingham new street.
yes i would like to book the tr7420.
book for two people. and, may i also have the reference number, please.
thank you so much goodbye
i need a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
i will need free wifi and parking.
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.
i also need train tickets.
i am going to kings lynn from cambridge. i leave wednesday.
i'd like to arrive by 17:30. any trains that do that will be fine. i just need the price.
thanks for the service, goodbye.
i'd like to go to a restaurant that serves chinese food for a moderate price.
north of town.
yes can i book a table for 8 people at 12:00 on saturday, if booking fails how about 11:00? also can i get the reference number please.
also, i am looking for a place to stay.
i would also like a place to stay.
i would like a guesthouse with free parking.
i would like to find a guesthouse that is expensive if one is available.
well, try one in the moderate price range.
is there one available in the north?
i would like to book any moderately priced guesthouse for 4 people starting on saturday for 4 nights.
can you book something starting on sunday?
did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 8 people for 4 nights starting saturday?
i need the hotel for four nights, and eight people please.
no, that will be all, t hank you.
goodbye have a nice day!
i'm visiting cambridge as a tourist! i'm looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking!
the only other preferences i have are that the hotel is a guesthouse with free wifi.
is there a hotel in a more moderate price range with fee wifi?
what area is the arbury lodge in?
ok, i'll look into that one. can you also tell me about the museums in town?
is there an entrance fee for byard art?
that's all. thank you! bye!
i am looking for information about rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge.
yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 5 nights on thursday please.
i am also looking for a train.
oh yeah sorry, i want to travel out of cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by 10:45 on tuesday.
yes, that should work
that's all the information i needed, thank you for your help.
i'd like to find out more about the bloomsbury restaurant
yes please, friday at 18:15 for 7 people.
well, i'm also looking to stay somewhere for a bit. i need someplace with free wifi and parking.
i would like a hotel in the western part of town.
looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on friday
i don't have a preference.
that is everything i needed. thanks!
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town.
great, can i please have their address and postcode?
thank you good bye.
i need a cheap hotel.
hmm, i'm not sure. i am looking for a guesthouse type, though, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
i would prefer one in the cheap range, a moderately priced one is fine if a cheap one isn't there.
does the alexander have internet?
not yet, can i get the phone number?
that's all. thanks!
i need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
i don't have a preference.
yes, please give me their address.
thank you, goodbye.
i need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.
thursday. i need to arrive by 12:45.
yes, that works. can i get the train id number and the price please?
what is the departure time of that also please?
great. now i need a place to stay.
it should be a 4 star hotel.
type doesn't matter. i want it to be cheap and in the north. with a 4 star rating.
is it rated 4 stars?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday
no thank you. i am all set.
can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
i'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and wifi.
could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel?
yes, i think that would be fine. something in the north, please.
not really. as long as it's in the north it's good.
i need it for 4 nights starting on wednesday.
please make the reservation for 2 people.
sure, that sounds fine. can you book that for me?
sure, choose one for me.
how about for 3 nights?
thank you so much! that's all. bye!
hi, i am looking for a particular attraction. have you heard of scudamores punting co?
is there an entrance fee? if so, what is it?
yeah, are there any expensive chinese places in town?
i would like the south please.
that sounds great, please do
i don't need a reservation at the moment but could you send me the postcode and address of the restaurant. thank you.
yes. i would like a taxi to take me from the attraction to the restaurant.
i need to get to the attraction by 22:15.
perfect thats everything i needed thanks for the help
i would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.
a moderate price range would be perfect. could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?
sounds good, can you book it for me for wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?
you can book that on for me. i will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
i am sorry, i am looking for a park near the hotel. i need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.
can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the botanic gardens at 3:30?
no thank you, that's all for today. goodbye!
i need a tuesday train to from peterbourough.
i need one ticket please and for leaving at 16:15,thank you.
yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 16:15, please.
yes, please book it for one person and provide the reference number.
could you help me book a hotel called el shaddai?
right now i just need their phone number and to know if they have internet or not please.
thank you! that's all for me. goodbye!
i am looking for a cheap place to have a meal.
the type of food doesn't matter to me, but i would like the restaurant to be in the north.
italian sounds good. i need a reservation for thursday at 16:15, please.
i need a table for 3 people.
that is all for now. thank you
hello, i'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.
i would love to try modern european. do you have that type?
perhaps the riverside brasserie. i would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on monday, please get me the reference number. thank you.
yes i need at train arriving by 08:45 to cambridge.
i will be leaving monday.
i am departing from leicester
that sounds fine. can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?
no, that's all. thanks for your help.
can you give me info on four start places, it doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.
yes, i'd like to stay in the city center. i will be driving there.
i would like a 4 star.
could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting monday?
looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel, possibly a concerthall.
well i guess that's where i'll be then. can you tell me the address and entrance fee?
yes, i also need a taxi to leave the attraction please.
to my hotel. i want to leave the attraction by 08:45 please.
that is all i needed. you were very helpful.
can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
sure. i need something in the north, and i'd like a 4 star establishment.
that would be great. can i have the postcode, phone number, and if they have free parking?
no thank you. i'm looking for a train that is departing from birmingham new street heading to cambridge.
i'm looking to travel on thursday
the train should leave on thursday and should leave after 20:00.
no thank you, i just need the arrival and travel time.
that is all i needed! thank you so much.
hi! can you give me some information on the bangkok city restaurant?
no that was all. thank you very much.
i'm also looking for museums to see in the west.
can i have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?
i'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.
i want to leave the museum by 03:15, please.
i would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.
no thanks, that will be all for me. goodbye.
are there any concert halls in the west?
what about colleges in the west?
no thank you. i am looking for information el shaddai hotel.
could you? that would be great. there are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on thursday. we'd like to stay for 5 nights.
yes could i get the reference number for the booking please.
thank you. that is all i needed for now. have a nice day!
have you ever heard of a hotel called the ashley hotel?
do they have free parking? and what is their hotel type?
no, i was just looking for information, thanks though!
no that's all i needed. thank you!
i want to find an expensive 4 star hotel.
do you have one in the south that includes free parking?
okay, i'd really like to stay on the south end of town so is there one in the cheap price range instead?
well are there any cheap hotels anywhere in town?
sure. look for a cheap hotel, 4 stars, in the south. free parking also.
can we start over? i think there is a bit of confusion. i need a hotel with four stars, in the south, and free parking
cheap is fine. please book for friday, 3 nights, 3 people.
i can book for 1 night instead.
no, that's it for now. thank you.
i'm trying to find a restaurant by the name of ali baba. can you help me out?
yes. six people at 14:00 on monday.
thank you. yeah, i'm also looking for find a train out of cambridge that will arrive by 11:15.
my destination is the stansted airport on tuesday.
can you just give me the departure time of the one that gets me to stansted a little before 11:15?
no. that's all i needed to know, thank you.
i'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!! can you help me??
i'm looking for a hotel called cityroomz, do you know anything about that?
yes i would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on tuesday.
can you also find a nightclub in the west?
well, could you look for a college?
sure can i get the phone number to this college?
thanks! i also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 19:45. can you please help me with that?
no that will be all
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the expensive price range. can you help me find one?
don't you have one that serves south african food?
actually, could you see if there is an italian one?
yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at 18:15 this thursday?
can you try to book for 17:15?
thank you so much for your help! we will arrive there at frankie and bennys ,17 :15 on thursday. is it close to funky fun house? we are looking for that
what kind of attraction is funky fun house?
that is fine, i will contact them. thank you.
hmm, well i am really wondering what the funky fun house is as for as attraction type. it doesn't give any additional info on that?
should i just call them directly for more info?
great, thanks. that's all i needed.
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves south indian food.
what kind of moderately-priced restaurants are there in the center of town, then?
good. i would like to try asian oriental then.
no thanks. how about a moderately priced modern european restaurant?
yes, thank you. will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on saturday at 15:15 and provide me with the reference number?
yes please, could you find a hotel that offers free wifi in the same part of town as the restaurant?
no. i just need it to be for three people, for three nights.
actually, i need it to be a hotel, not a bed and breakfast.
that sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on saturday?
i'm also looking for a taxi that arrives at the booked time of the restaurant.
could i please get the car type and contact number of the taxi?
no, i think that's all. you have been very helpful.
i am looking for something to do on the north side of town.
sounds good. what's the address?
also, can you find me a place to stay, in moderate price and includes free wifi?
the part of town doesn't matter, and i don't need free parking. which would you recommend?
moderate price range.
i don't need a reservation right now. just the address, postcode, and number of stars for that hotel, please.
very well. i also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by 10:15.
yes, that is all good bye
i want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town. my budget is a little constrained so moderately priced would be ideal.
do you have anything that serves international food?
let's do the varsity place for 3 people 11:00 on tuesday.
i need a train departing cambridge on wednesday.
i need to be in birmingham new street by 13:15, if possible, please.
i am looking for a restaurant that sell seafood,will prefer one in the center of the city.
i would like a train into cambridge from stevenage.
yes, i'd like to travel on wednesday. i'll need to arrive by 8:00.
yes, please book 7 seats.
yes, i need a hotel as well.
whoa whoa, easy there tiger, lets narrow the search down first. in the center, 0 stars, cheap and it can be a hotel or guesthouse.
is el shaddai a guest house or hotel?
do they have parking?
no, i don't need to. i was just curious about it. thank you for all of your help.
yes i need a chinese restaurant.
it should be in the same area?
no, i don't need a chinese restaurant after all. thanks for looking.
no. that's everything i needed and then some, actually! thanks, take care!
hi, i'm planning a trip to north cambridge and i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. can you help?
i think i'll try the golden wok. can you get a reservation for 2 people 11:30 this thursday?
how about 10:30 then?
is there a train that arrives by 15:15 from cambridge?
i am going to bishops stortford, leaving on friday.
yes, for 2 people. can i have the reference number?
no thank you.
i'm wanting to find a restaurant. the location i want is the west and i want something in the moderate price range. can you help me?
could i have the phone number for the indian restaurant?
that's all that i needed, thank you.
i've heard of your museum of classical archaeology, and i'd like to know more about it.
the west part of town? sure, give me more info about it?
no, but i need a cheap chinese restaurant nearby as well.
yes, please. i need it for 8 people at 14:00 thursday and a reference number.
i'll need a taxi to commute between the two.
can i please also book a taxi between the museum and the restaurant?
i don't mind what time we leave, but i need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:00.
what time did you book the taxi to pick me up at the museum?
i'll do that. could you please tell me once more the contact number and the car type?
that is all. thank you.
thank you once again for your help.
i'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
i am planning my trip to cambridge. i am looking for a cheap place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and i want the hotel to be in the type of a guesthouse.
area doesn't matter to me, but i would like it to have free parking. tell me about your favorite?
great, can you book a room for thursday? i will be alone and need to stay for 3 nights.
can you try for 2 nights instead?
yes. i need a train that leaves cambridge and goes to bishops stortford.
i'd like to travel on saturday and arrive by 19:30.
i am looking for a cheap room, free parking.
i am looking for a hotel in the east.
yes, the allenbell sounds good.
that won't be necessary. i just need to look for a train now.
i would like to go from stansted to cambridge, please.
yes the train should leave on monday and arrive by 10:30.
yes, please book six tickets.
thank you that was all i needed
no, good bye.
can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?
i will be travelling on monday and need to arrive by 18:45.
could you tell me the cost of the train ticket?
great thanks. so what time do i need to be at the cambridge station?
thank you very much. could you help me get a guesthouse as well?
one in the west, would be best.
i would like something in the moderate price range.
i do not need it to be booked. can i just get the postcode and whether it has internet?
yes, does the guesthouse have a star rating of 3?
just one other thing. can you clarify the travel time for the train? i need to make sure i am prepared. tr0254 i believe.
i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. could you recommend me three restaurants?
is there a third restaurant?
ok. can you give me the address and phone number for restaurant alimentum?
thanks much! bye!
i'm looking for an entertainment venue to visit in the cambridge centre.
i'm looking in the expensive price range.
how about one that is in the type of college. i also need the entrance fee, address, and phone number
that does not matter can you recommend one please?
thank you, can i also book a guesthouse? it would need ot have free parking.
we can narrow this down a bit. i prefer a guest house in the east.
carolina bed and breakfast will work. can i have the phone number?
does the carolina bed and breakfast have free wifi?
thanks, i need to meet with my group before booking but can i get their number please?
thank you that's all i needed today.
hi, i am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip. can you help me find a place to dine when i am there?
i would like expensive italian food. what do you suggest?
i would like the one in the south.
please book that one for 5 people on thursday at 17:30.
i am also looking for a swimming pool.
where is the area the swimming pool is? also can i have contact number and car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.
well, my reservation is at 17:30 so before that.
great thank you, that was all i needed today.
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of town.
i don't really care.
yes please, four people on tuesday at 18:00
can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?
great. can i get the information about one of them?
what is the postcode for that one?
i also need a taxi.
yes ely to cambridge please. thanks
i'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. i'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.
that is it for today thanks.
yes, can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me.
can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 20:00 please.
thank you. may i get a reference number?
yes in the same area and price range. i'll need a reference number too.
thank you that will be all. have a great day!
yes, i am looking for a restaurant in the area. it should serve spanish food, and it should also be in the more expensive price range. can you possibly help me?
how about a chinese restaurant then?
area does not matter.
i need to book a hotel. i need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.
it should be a hotel type with free parking.
yes, please book that one. it will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on sunday.
alright, what about only for 3 nights then. i can do 3, book it and give me the reference number please.
i'd like to find a korean restaurant in the same area as that hotel.
yes please book it for 3 people sunday.
i would like it booked for the same day at 14:15. can i get a reference number too?
no that will be all.
i'd like to go to an attraction in the east side of town.
that sounds great. do you have a contact number for them?
yes, i'd also like to stay in an expensive place. it should be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
no i need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting saturday
how about one night?
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by 7:45. please include contact number and car type
great. that is all i need. have a great day. goodbye.
hello i am looking for a restaurant called j restaurant
that sounds great. can you reserve a table for 2 for sunday at 13:15?
i am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.
i'm looking for something cheap with free parking.
could you get the postcode for hotel allenbell for me?
yes, please reserve the room.
actually, on second thought. i should book it later. but, can you book me a taxi from allenbell to j restaurant. i need to be there by 13:15.
thanks, i think that's all i need. could you just confirm whether the allenbell is a hotel or a guest house?
thank you. that will be everything today. goodbye.
i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.
is there anything else?
is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town?
address and phone number for royal spice, yes please.
no, that's everything. thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves welsh food.
italian
that would be great thanks!
that's it, goodbye
thanks!
hello there. i am traveling to cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. can you help me find a good one?
something moderately priced. i don't have a cuisine preference.
yeah, preferably in the center of town.
excellent that sounds great. i'm also looking for something to do. can you find me an attraction in the same area of the cow pizza kitchen?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi
i need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. i need to leave the attraction by 04:30.
thats all i need today, thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. could you recommend me any expensive places to try?
what type of food do those places serve?
alright, would you also be able to help me find a train? i'm looking to leave on friday.
i'll be going to stansted airport from cambridge, and i need to arrive by 8:00.
as long as it will be arriving by 08:00 it doesn't really matter which one, but i need the price of each ticket please.
great thank you so much.
i think i'm all set. thank you very much!
i am looking for a entertainment attraction in the centre of town.
yes can you look for a museum?
can you tell me the different museums available?
are there any that feature anything archeological items?
that sounds great. can you give me the phone number?
can i get the postcode for the museum as well?
i need an insanely expensive hotel that has free wifi
the highest rated one you have, i need 5 people booked for a 2 night stay starting saturday.
can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 2 nights on saturday?
i also need to use a taxi
i'll be going from the museum to the hotel. i'll need to leave by 09:30 please.
that is all for today thanks very much
i'm looking for specific restaurant.
the hakka restaurant is located at 24 milton road cambridge cambridgeshire cb4 1jy. the average cost is approximately 30 per person.
maybe. anyway. i also need a place to stay in the south area.
can you help me find a place to eat called sala thong?
please make a booking for people at 19:00 on monday. i also need a reference number once booked.
sure, try a time that would work. maybe 20:00?
well, i'm also looking for train on monday departing from leicester to cambridge arriving by 12:45.
yes i also need the train id, departure time and travel time.
as for now, just one please.
that's everything. thanks!
hello, can you find me a train to cambridge on thursday?
i would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by 9:30.
yes. can you make a reservation for 2 people?
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want spanish food
no, no reservation is necessary. may i get their address and postcode please?
i'm all set thank you, goodbye!
you can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the east
one that has free parking
i want to make a reservation for three people starting monday. we will be staying for 2 nights.
i need to find a restaurant that serves indian food in the same area as the hotel
i prefer everything moderately priced.
yes. the same number of people on the same day. please book for 3 people at 18:00 on monday.
i will also need to find a taxi.
i need a taxi to drive us from the carolina bed & breakfast to curry prince restaurant to arrive by my booked time of 18:00.
that is everything, thank you so much
i would like to know if there is an italian restaurant nearby me.
i guess we don't need a restaurant after all. my husband isn't hungry. he wants to take a look at a college instead.
i would like to find one in the west. are there any in that area?
i don't care, just need the postcode, phone number, and address.
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the same area as the attraction.
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday, and i'll need the reference number too please
i'll also be needing a taxi to get me from the college to the restaurant.
from churchill, and i want to get there by the time you booked my table.
thats everything i needed thanks for the help!
what train can i take to get to cambridge from birmingham new street?
i need to leave on friday.
i need a train that leaves after 15:00 on friday.
i will be going to cambridge.
1 ticket please. i am also looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the centre.
going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to cambridge? then, i want to book the anatolia restaurant for friday, also. thank you.
it would be 2 people.
i'd like the table reserved for 19:00.
can you give me the reference number?
no, that is all i need for now. thanks so much. bye.
hello, i'd like to get some info about a restaurant in cambridge!
i want an expensive indian restaurant, please.
i'll give the cocum a try. please book a table for 6 for 12:45 on thursday.
i'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.
i'll go with the one in the south. i need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.
yes please.
can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?
can you find a taxi for me?
i need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 12:45
thats it thanks
i'm sorry, what did you say? is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?
okay can you do the taxi now please?
great, that's all i need. ta ta.
i need a train that leaves after 13:30 saturday afternoon please.
i would like to depart from cambridge and arrive at stevenage, please.
yes, i would like to book the ticket now, could i please have the train id?
i can take care of that myself. can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced cheaply please.
that's perfect. i'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 10:00 on the same day. could i get the reference number as well, please?
i am all set. thanks!
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called city centre north b and b
yes please. i need reservations for eight people starting this wednesday and we need it for three nights.
could you start the booking on saturday?
that's all i need, thank you!
i'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town.
i'd like to have their phone number and address.
thank you. goodbye.
i need a train leaving cambridge on sunday.
i need to arrive by 21:30 and go to london liverpool street.
yes, for six people, please. i will need a reference number, as well.
i also need a place to stay. i would like a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking.
i'm just looking for now. can you recommend a hotel?
i want to confirm with you that the gonville does not need to include internet.
yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!
yes, can i get the address please?
no thank you. i appreciate the help today.
goodbye!
i want to eat. i am looking for a jamaican restaurant with a moderate price range please.
i would really prefer jamaican. are there any in the centre part of town?
okay, well how about one that serves modern european food in that area?
yes, that would be great and can you give me the postcode and their address please?
i will take care of that myself. could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by 12:45?
i leave on wednesday, departing from cambridge.
please book that train.
i would like to book a total of 6 tickets. and can i please get the reference number.
no. thank you very much for your help.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.
i would like to try jamaican cuisine.
sure, i'd be happy with some european food.
no thank you, but i would like the phone number please.
i am also looking for a train.
i'm leaving from cambridge and going to peterborough.
i am looking to leave cambridge on saturday.
yes i need to arrive by 12:45, for 2 people
thank you so much, you have been very helpful. that is everything. have a nice day, bye.
can you help me find a train departing from leicester?
i want to go to cambridge.
i leave on sunday.
yes, i need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves italian food and a phone number
no thanks. can i have to train id and price?
okay, can you help me find a restaurant also?
will the train arrive at cambridge by 08:00?
i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
i apologize. i won't be needing anything else. good bye
hi, is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat?
yes, please! i'd like a table on sunday for 5 people at 20:00.
could you try booking for 19:00 instead?
that is all! thank you for your help!
hi, i am traveling to cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. i do need help with a place to stay.
i need information for the warkworth house for my hotel.
yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?
i need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting thursday.
thank you! i'm also looking for a good museum to go to.
it does not matter and please provide the entrance fee.
okay. can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?
i want to leave the attraction by 16:15. please send me the contact number and car type. thank you!
awesome! that is all i need for now, thank you!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
what kind of food is that? also what is the address and phone number?
thank you that is all.
can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre?
i'm not concerned with price. i do need a reservation for 7 at 15:30 on wednesday.
thanks. i also want to find a museum to visit while i am in town. any type will be fine.
that sounds great. could i have the address please?
what is their entrance fee?
that'll be all, thanks for all your help today!
yes, i'm looking for hotels in the north area.
i don't care about price range or parking, but i do require free wifi.
i need it to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.
not now. i would like to get the postcode, please.
thank you. i also need to find a train departing from leicester.
yes, you're right. i need to leave on monday, and i need to arrive by 18:15.
can it get there by 18:15? and can you get tickets for two?
yes, please. i'd rather not be that early.
great, if you could book that one for 2 people and provide me with the reference number, i would appreciate it.
there is not. thank you so much!
i am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
i would prefer to be in the centre of town, and i need the hotel to include free parking.
yes, please. that sounds perfect. there will be six of us.
we will be arriving on friday and staying 3 nights.
i will need to take a train from leicester on the same day as my hotel booking.
i need to leave after 17:45 heading for cambridge. go ahead and book the closest time and give me the train id and arrival time.
i'd like one ticket please.
can you please schedule a taxi to take me from the station to my hotel?
i do not. i just need the train id and what arrival time it has.
thank you for your help.
can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. in fact, i need one that's quite inexpensive.
yes what is there address
thank you good bye.
where can i find portuguese food?
any area.
what is the address?
no, thank you.
i need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves new zealand food. can you help?
what about a mexican food restaurant also in the south part of town?
that sounds good. please book a table for 1 people at 13:15 on monday.
i also need to book a hotel. it needs to have 2 star and be of a moderate range with free parking.
i will try the lovell lodge. will you book a room for me starting on monday for 3 nights, please? i am traveling alone.
that will be all then, thank you.
i need a 4 star place to stay.
i want it in the north, and it should include free parking.
can you please recommend one for me?
please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
no, that was all. thank you.
can you find me a corsica restaurant?
yes, a restaurant serving british food would be good.
i do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the west part of town.
i'd like their address and phone number please.
what is the price range?
that you, that's all i need to know.
can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from cambridge?
i need to go to norwich on friday.
18:36, please. book for 8 people. give me the reference number.
thank you, can i also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?
is it in the south?
can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
thank you so much for your help.
can you book a train for me? i need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.
i am leaving from leicester and going to cambridge.
yes, it interests me a great deal. book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.
i am also looking for a room. free parking and wifi.
it doesn't matter. i would like it to be in the expensive range.
no, no star rating preference. whichever hotel you recommend.
can i get something that is expensive.
yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.
just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?
that will be it thanks a lot !
where can i find the best architecture?
sounds great. can i get the address and postcode for that?
please book the ticket.
yes, could you suggest some thai restaurants in the area?
i am looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge. i need to leave after 15:15 on friday.
sounds great i need reservations for 7. i also need the reference number.
can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.
jaja.. you're funny. thanks for all your help today. have a great day! goodbye
hi, can you please give me information on theatres in town?
there is no specific area.
i am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a theatre. can you search for one for me using the criteria i mentioned earlier?
is there a entrance fee? i am also looking for a cheap north american restaurant to dine at on the east side. any recommendations?
are there any serving international cuisine in the same area and price range?
yes, get me a table for 3 at 15:30 on saturday.
great, thanks for your help!
no that will be all! thank you!
i need an indian restaurant in the centre.
i would like it to be in the expensive range of food, is that place expensive?
could you give me the phone number and postcode?
great. thank you! that is all i need.
i want to find a college in the west.
could you tell me the entrance fee for clare hall please?
could you please provide me with the address and phone number?
what kind of moderately priced restaurants are in that area? i want to eat after i visit the college.
i don't care, suprise me!
yes, please book it and provide me with the postcode.
it will just be me at the restaurant. please book a table for one at 17:30.
any day they have an opening is fine with me
may i get the postcode of the restaurant, please?
no that is all i needed. thank you!
thanks! you too! bye!
i'm looking for places to go in north cambridge.
the park sounds great, what is the postcode and entrance fee?
great, thanks. also, can you give me some information on a place called the curry garden restaurant?
i need the adress and phone number please
no that will be all thank you so much for your assistance.
i'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.
great. please get me their address.
do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve lebanese food?
is it moderately priced?
yes i'd like one for sunday for 19:15, there will be 8 of us.
yes please. i need the reference number too.
can i get a taxi to take us from the gallery to the restaurant?
no, that will be all thank you.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge that has free wifi and free parking.
is it also a guesthouse type of hotel?
yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on wednesday for 2 people total.
how about four nights instead of five?
thank you! do you have the reviews and address for the j restaurant near there?
i would like a reservation for 2 at 12:45 please.
that will be on friday for 2 please.
no thank you, i'll try for something else.
no that is the only date and time i have available. are you sure you don't have anything for wednesday at 12:45?
thank you very much. that's all i need today. goodbye.
what are some good museums to visit?
anything that you would recommend in the east, i just need the place along with the address postal code and entrance fee.
thank you,i also need to find a guesthouse,that is cheap ?
i don't have and area preference.
how many stars does it have?
does it have free wifi? and can you get me the address to cambridge museum of technology that i asked you for?
okay thank you. i would also like a taxi to and from the cambridge museum of technology.
cambridge museum of technology.
i want to be picked up at the hotel by 11:45
nope, that's all! thank you!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
is there something wrong with you? i need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 4 star rating. or do you need help?
can you book it for me?
my 4 friends and i want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on monday.
i'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 16:15 in cambridge.
i'll be leaving london liverpool street on monday.
yes please for 5 people. i need the reference number as well.
no, i think that's all i need today. thank you for your assistance.
can i find a place to eat in the centre which is expensive?
are there any mediterranean restaurants?
i think i'd like to visit shiraz restaurant. would you be able to book a table for 2 at 12:00 wednesday?
yes, i am looking for a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.
i would love club salsa, thanks! can i please have the address and is there an entrance fee?
yes please, make one for me.
that is everything i need.
hi, i'd like some info on where to eat in cambridge!
i like expensive chinese food.
i would be interested in dining in the north.
i will take a table for 6 at hakka for 13:30 on wednesday, please.
would alike a hotel in the east with free wifi and free parking that is a 3 star.
okay could you try the north then instead?
yes. please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
great, that's perfect. are you able to find us a taxi, too? that would be awesome if you can.
i need to be picked up from the hotel and get to the restaurant by the booked time.
that will be all, thanks. have a good day
i'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the moderate price range.
can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves latin american food?
how about italian food. you do have italian restaurants don't you. moderately priced and in the south area would work fine for me.
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 18:30 on sunday.
that's great. thank you.
yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star hotel?
the area does not matter. but, i need it to be an actual hotel and have 4 stars.
no particular price range, but i would like free parking.
sure, i need the reservation to be for 4 people.
four nights starting sunday
thank you, can i also book a taxi?
i need it to go from the restaurant to the hotel.
i need to be at the restaurant by 18:30 for my reservation, the pick up time doesn't matter to me.
it should be to the hotel
i'm sorry. let me clarify. i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and i want to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.
i'm sorry for all the confusion on this call, and i appreciate your patience. thank you. goodbye!
would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in cambridge?
yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?
i am also looking for chinese food in the city center. can you help me find some restaurant options?
i prefer something in the expensive price range.
i just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.
can you help me look for a taxi that will leave all saints church by 17:45?
i need to go to the sesame restaurant and bar.
that will be everything i needed today. thanks for your help!
i need an information on a train from cambridge to ely, please.
i would like to travel on saturday and get to ely by 21:30.
can you tell me the price and travel time for that please?
no, i am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
i'm looking for something that offers light bites.
how about asian oriental?
yes please. i need to book for 4 people on the same day.
i'd like to book it for 12:15 please.
may i also have the reference number please?
thanks so much for all of your help.
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
are there any in the south?
can you let me know the postcode and phone number of the 4 star guesthouse?
thanks so much. i am also looking for a museum i could visit.
something in the north, please.
wait, i'm staying in the south, that would make more sense. how about a museum in the south?
can i have the phone number, postcode and address please?
awesome, that covers it all. you were very helpful.
i would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please.
address and phone number, please
thank you good bye
thanks so much. bye bye.
i need a hotel or guest house in cambridge please.
i need a cheap hotel in the north side that has free parking and internet if available but not necessary.
what about one with free wifi?
great. can i book that for three nights starting monday for three people.
great. that is all that i need today. thanks!
can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?
i'm looking for something cheap please.
no, thank you. i just need the name for today.
are there any british restaurants on the west side?
is that in the moderate price range?
great! i'm not sure when i want to go, so can i just get the address and postcode?
i am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi.
can you book that for 6 ?
i'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday
yes i do, i'd like to leave the restaurant by 04:45.
yes, please, and go to the b&b you booked for me.
thank you, that was everything that i needed.
what trains will leave from cambrige and arrive by 13:00?
i need to get your london kings cross on saturday.
what is the train id of the one arriving closest to 13:00?
yes. i am also looking for a vietnamese restaurant in the centre
only me so so just one
ok, how about an expensive british restaurant?
could you please send me the address, postcode and phone for the midsummer house?
no, thank you. i can book it later. i think thats all i need for today. thanks.
find a budget hotel with free parking in cambridge.
i would like it to have a four star rating and be located on the west side.
please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
let's try 4 nights only please and i'll need a reference number.
i am also looking for a vietnamese place to dine in the same price range as the hotel.
first, tell me how far away from the hotel this restaurant is.
yes i'd like to book for 5 at 13:00 on wednesday as well. i will also need the reference number.
thank you. that's all i need.
i need help finding a train for thursday.
i would be leaving from cambridge going o peterborough.
i just need to leave after 20:30.
as long as it leaves after 20:30, then it's fine. can you give me the train id? i'll buy at the station.
can you tell me the departure and arrival time for that train?
i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range
could you just give me the postcode please?
no thank you. that is all i needed. good bye.
i would like a hotel to stay in while i visit cambridge.
we're visiting the south part of town, so let's stick with that area.
i need it to be a 4 star guesthouse with free parking. does this fit our needs?
i actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 4 star hotel with free parking available in the south
no, i don't need a reservation right now, but i do need their phone number, postcode, and address.
i would like to visit a museum in the west. are there any museums i can see?
ok. let me think about it. that will be all for today. goodbye
i'm looking for a place to eat.
i would like americas food.
is the gourmet burger kitchen located in the centre of town?
yes, please. thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. there are 5 of us.
yes, i'm also looking for a train on thursday heading to cambridge.
norwich. i need to get to cambridge by 12:30.
yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number
thank you for your time.
i'm just looking for a hotel called leverton house.
do they have free parking available?
please give me information on the star rating and their number.
can you also provide me with their address please?
yes, i am looking for a theatre. possibly in the centre.
perfect, could i have the phone number please?
i would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the hotel by 05:45.
no,that is all. thank you!
can i please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 17:30.
yes. please book for 2 people.
thank you. i also need help finding a place to stay. i'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi
i don't care about price. it needs to be in the north, however.
does the kirkwood house include free parking?
i'm looking for the university arms hotel. can you give me more information about it?
great, please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from friday
yes, what is a good place to see in the centre of town?
no, i do not mind paying an entrance fee.
please pick your favorite one and then tell me the type, fee, and phone number associated with it
great, thank you so much for the info. that will be all, goodbye.
i am in need of some entertainment. can you recommend anything?
where is this located?
is it located in the centre? if none exists, could you find one that is a type of concerthall?
yes, what is the phone number and postcode for all saints church?
is all saint church an entertainment attraction? i'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves eastern european food in the moderate price range.
well, i guess i would like to try turkish food if you have that.
i need it on friday, for 6, at 12:15.
i would prefer moderately priced. what are the two options i have?
anatolia sounds good. please book it for 6 people on friday at 12:15
i also need a taxi to commute between the locations.
i actually want entertainment type of place.
sounds great, i'd like a taxi to go between the two that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
i think that should do it. thanks for your help today!
are there any expensive restaurants that serve indian food nearby?
it doesn't matter where it is, i just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on friday.
i am looking for an expensive hotel as well.
do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?
do they both have internet access?
great can i also get a taxi between the two places?
no, that's ok, but i need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:45.
no, that will be all, thank you.
i need a room, can you help?
well i want a hotel not food.
i would like something in the east with 4 stars.
i would like it to be a guesthouse.
yes, i would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday.
please do so.
thank you that is all i need goodbye
i need help finding stuff for me and my ferret to do.
i would prefer entertainment.
in the town center.
could you try a college?
no i also need to find a hotel in the same area as my attraction and have a rating of only 0.
can i please have a reservation at el shaddai for 4 people?
starting tuesday, i want to stay for 3 nights.
can i please get the reference number for the booking?
great. that is all.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. could i get the address and phone number please?
yes, please.
i need a train that leaves after 15:00 on tuesday.
cmabridge to norwich.
yes, and i also need that for 3 people and the reference number.
i am also looking for a restaurant. are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve british food?
could i get the reference number?
yes, the same party. i'd like the reservation for 10:00 that same tuesday.
no thanks. that's it. have a good one. bye.
i need a place to stay
i would prefer it to be in the north.
i don't care about price but i'd like a 4 star place.
can you select one and make a reservation for me for thursday please?
does that have free parking?
can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning thursday?
there will be 5 of us
i also need a cinema to visit?
in the same area as the hotel
hmm, how about a park, then?
will you please try again? there's gotta be a park somewhere.
i just want a park in the same area as my hotel
thanks, i need a taxi to get between the two places.
i need to get there by 09:15
great. can you also book a place for dinner on thursday night?
i need a don't care restaurant. thank you
i need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. i want to leave the attraction by 9:15 and i need car type and contact number please. thank you, bye..
i want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food.
asian oriental
what is the phone number and area?
thank you! goodbye!
i want to make a booking at the alexander bed and breakfast.
4 nights please.
i will be staying four nights starting on friday.
4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from friday.
thanks very much !
can i get some information on the arbury lodge guesthouse?
and what is the address?
thank you. i am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with boating. is there any place around there to go?
i would like that in the north please.
yes please. could i get the address, postcode, and entrance fee?
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, i want to leave the hotel by 15:00
thank you so much!
can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at?
kymmoy in the centre area is great. would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on thursday for me?
let's try another restaurant.
okay great that is all i need at the moment.
i'm headed off to college soon and want to check out one of the campuses while i'm in the area. can you help me find one?
area doesn't matter. i'll just need an entrance fee, phone number and postcode for any of them.
which one would you recommend?
i also would like to find a restaurant serving british food that is expensive.
yes, that sounds good!
that's alright, i just want to know the phone number and postcode please
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 11:30 and take me to the restaurant. give me contact number and car type.
that is all i need, thank you good bye!
i need a three-star place to stay please.
no thank you. i am looking for a hotel instead of a guesthouse.
i'd like to book the lensfield hotel for 2 nights for 8 people starting from wednesday.
yes. i'd like one in the same price range, please.
yes please try that.
that would be great. thank you.
thank you for all your help.
no that is all thank you very much.
can you find the restaurant names loch fyne?
yes, please. i need one for friday at 13:45. i'll be dining alone.
sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine.
can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
yes, please book the restaurant bedouin for me.
no that will be all, thanks for all of your help. sorry i was such a bother
thank you! you were great!
we want to try a local restaurant that serves asian or oriental food.
i would like a restairant in the centre please.
i do not care. you tell me the best one and give me their number please.
i also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.
i want to travel into cambridge and leave sometime after 16:45 please.
yes, could i get 3 tickets for that?
nothing, thank you. i appreciate all of your help. goodbye.
i'm looking for a gastropub in the east.
could you please provide the phone number, address and postcode for the royal standard?
great can i also get a train going to leicester and arriving by 11:45?
cambridge, and i will be traveling on saturday.
could you get me the price of that train and the travel time before you book it?
can you give me the travel time and total cost please?
ok thank you so mucy
yes, please book the train for me. that will be all.
no just the one. thank you.
thank you so much! that's all i need.
can you help me find some entertainment in cambridge?
i don't care but i need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of entertainment available in town.
yes, i am looking for a place to dine. can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves swiss food?
how about british food?
i'm sorry i did not want british food. are there any chinese restaurants instead located in the centre area?
which is your favorite? can you get me the address, postcode, and phone number? i'll give them a call myself.
no that is all. thank you.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
i don't care.
that will be good. could you give me their address?
and also postcode please?
no. that's all i want. thank you
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving turkish food.
i do not care about the price range.
thank you goodbye.
i want to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel.
i would like to stay at university arms, can you book it for me?
four people for four nights.
i will be staying tonight. is there parking available?
can you also tell me some places to go in the same area?
i don't have a preference.
yes, can you please send me the info on a college?
that sounds perfect. that is all i need today.
what do we have to eat in the expensive european food range?
nothing in the south?
what about mexican restaurants?
yes. i'd like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on sunday.
that's all. thanks for your assistance.
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food
how about indian food?
yes, what is the address for royal spice please?
thank you. goodbye.
i need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town.
moderately priced restaurant.
what is the phone number and postcode of curry prince?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, i'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on friday
yes, i'm leaving from cambridge. departure time doesn't matter, but i need to arrive by 18:15.
no, i said arrive by 18:15. try again.
what is the price for a ticket?
no, thats ok. i also need to find a cheap italian restaurant.
any that you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for friday at 10:00. there will be 3 people dining.
wonderful! i think that's it, thank you. goodbye!
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish.
ok, how about a thai restaurant? i want address and phone number.
thank you, goodbye.
i need a train to peterborough on monday.
does it arrive by 16:00?
are there any later trains? also i need to get the price, departure time, and train id when we find a suitable one.
what is the train id and response of the train that arrives at 15:24? i would like to book that one.
i need a train that departs from cambridge. does tr4765 go from cambridge to peterborough?
i was just looking for information for now. i do need some additional information on a place to eat though.
i am thinking indian food would be perfect and in the centre.
i do not have a specific price or location in mind. please just send me the address and phone number of an indian restaurant.
thank you. that is all i needed.
i am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the north area. can you find me one?
okay, thank you for your help. goodbye.
none. both parties hung up the phone.
wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the ashley hotel? and do they have internet there?
i would also like to book a train please.
i'm going from cambridge to london kings cross on monday. i'd like to be there by 18:30 if possible.
sounds perfect. can i get 5 tickets please?
thank you. that is all i needed. goodbye.
i want some welsh food. moderately priced please.
i'd like a chinese restaurant instead then.
i don't care.
i would like their phone number, please.
is there any thing else i can help you with?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, i am looking for a british-themed restaurant in the centre.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant.
yes, please. i'd like a table for 8 at 12:00 on saturday.
how about 11:00? and can i have a reference number for the reservation please?
how about 11 o'clock?
i am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 3 star hotel with free wifi.
type doesn't matter, but i do need it to be a mid-price range place, and i need free parking.
sure, can i book for 4 nights starting saturday for 8 people?
great! now i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by that reservation time. can you help with that?
thank you! that is all that i need.
greetings, i'm looking for a chinese restaurant to take some clients.
yu garden sounds perfect. can you reserve a table for 3 for me? we will be there on saturday at 14:45.
i will need the reference number for our reservation please.
i also need a 0 star room, and i will need wifi to be free too.
i will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. can you book a taxi to take me to yu garden. i need free parking. thanks.
i want my booking at the b and b to start on saturday
yes, please. i need to make sure i get from the b&b to the restaurant for that reservation.
thank you for your help. that is all for today.
thank you and goodbye!
find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.
i would really like a guesthouse in the east please.
yes please i will be there for three night. can i get a confirmation number?
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves thai food.
pick your favorite and book it for 2 please.
maybe friday at 14:45
thanks. can you also find a place to go in the centre?
i'm looking for an attraction with multiple sports in the centre of town.
what about a night club?
nice! please get me their phone number too
that is all thanks.
thank you. i just happen to be looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be located west and it doesn't need to have free parking or anything like that.
i definitely prefer something on the cheap side of things.
sure but can i think i want one with free parking.
i would like a five star hotel with free parking and breakfast.
yes thats fine. i need it for 4 nights starting monday. there will be 5 of us.
yes please do that.
yep. i think that will work. please book it. i need a reference number.
yes. thanks so much. that is great.
i am looking for an upscale restaurant with european food, please.
is there anything else available?
what is there address and area?
no thank you. that is all the info i needed.
i'm needing a 4 star guest house today.
do you know if any of them offer free wifi?
give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the centre of the town please.
that sounds good.
i would like to book for saturday at 12:15 for 3 people.
thank you so much. can you help me find a 2 star hotel with free parking?
no, i just need to know if they have internet and i need their postcode.
thanks, you've been helpful! that's it for me. bye!
will i be able to get out of cambridge by train on thursday?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 10:30
yes please book it for 8 people.
i need a place to stay as well. preferably a 4 star hotel.
i would like a hotel, not a guest house. are any of those actual hotels?
i haven't decided yet but i would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though
ill take either of the expensive ones. pick whichever sounds better to you
can i just have the address and postcode?
thanks, and which part of town was this one in?
great. that is all.
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves indian food in the centre.
i'm not concerned about price, but i need a table for 6 at 12:15 on sunday.
thank you so much. can you also find me an expensive hotel with free wifi?
what is the name of the 3 star one?
yes please for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday
that will be all. thank you
i'm looking for a place to go, can you help?
not as such. it should be affordable. that is it.
what about parks? are there any free parks?
are any of them in the east?
how much does it cost to get in?
yes, i would love the address. thank you!
i would also like to find somewhere nice to eat.
i would prefer an east location and italian food would be lovely
i'm looking for a swimming pool please.
could you make it the south side of town please.
what about an entertainment attraction?
could i get the phone number and postcode?
yes please. i'd like to find a good malaysian restaurant located in the same area as this tenpin place. something on the pricey side. what would you suggest?
in that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving mexican cuisine in the area?
yes, can you book one for 4 on thursday at 19:15? and i need the reference as well please.
great i also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.
no, that is all. thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
moderate price range. something with 4 stars. area doesn't really matter to me.
can you book for seven people for three nights starting from friday?
i'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. i'll be departing from leicester.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.
can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?
i also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.
do either of them have free wifi?
allrighty, can i book a room for 3 people at the university arms hotel, for 4 nights starting on saturday?
nope that's it thanks for your help
would you happen to have any expensive creative restaurants?
i would like chinese food.
any part of town is good. i need a booking for two people on saturday at 16:45.
yes please can you send that.
i would like a train to stansted airport by 11:00
sunday, and i will be departing cambridge.
that's great. can you book that train for 2 people, please?
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am looking to go to a museum.
i'm willing to go wherever the best museums are. which would you recommend?
can you tell me about the gallery? what's the address?
what is the postcode there? also, i'll need a phone number.
well then, can you give me an address?
yes, i need information on a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city...whichever you recommend.
no, thanks, i'll do that myself. you've been great, thanks for everything.
i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
the type of food doesn't matter. i just need a table for 3 for friday night at 19:00.
yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you.
can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
yes, try that please.
no thanks, that is everything
i would like to find a guesthouse in cambridge that has free wifi.
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
i don't have a preference but i would like free wifi, parking in a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
no, i don't have any preference on star rating. whichever one that meets my previous criteria would be great.
no, but could you give me their address, phone number, and post code?
i'm looking for somewhere to go in the western part of town, i'm a big sports fan so it should involve any type of sport.
that is fine, i just need to know the entrance fee please.
okay thank you. that was all i needed to know. goodbye.
i'm looking to book a train that will depart out of cambridge. can you give me information about trains that leave cambridge and arrive in norwich?
what time does it arrive?
no i need one that arrives at 16:15.
what? 16:15 is later that 6:55. are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?
tr2534 arrives at what time?
yes i would like this train booked. i need ticket for 4 people. i also need the reference number please.
okay thanks. can you also help me find somewhere to stay? i'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.
the one with wifi will work. i need to book it for friday, 5 nights, 4 people.
reference number please, come on, this is taking too long. and i didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?
that was all i needed.
are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?
any type would be good. can you recommend one?
no thanks. can you tell me the address of the restaurant?
great. i am also looking train schedules, leaving from stevanage and going to cambridge.
i need to leave sometime after 11:00 and i need tickets for 7 people.
i'd like to leave sunday, and it doesn't matter when i arrive.
yes, please. can you please be sure to tell me the reference number?
no that's all. thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.
in the north area, please.
no, i don't care about price, but i do need to have free parking.
that`s fine. what is their address, please?
no thank you. do they offer free parking?
wonderful. i just need their postcode then please.
that is it, thanks.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
i don't care what type of food it is.
what are their phone numbers?
thank you good bye.
morning! i need a train departing from kings lynn.
yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 11:00.
sounds good. could you tell me how much it costs for a ticket, and how long of a trip that will be?
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay in the south with free wifi. what options are there for that?
does the hotel have free parking?
could you tell me the postcode of this hotel?
not quite yet, but can you tell me the price range of the lensfield, please?
note yet. can you tell me more about the hotel?
no, that should be all i need. thank you! goodbye.
i am looking for an attraction to visit in the west that involves architecture, any suggestions?
how about a museum in the west?
oh that does sound fun. what is the entrance fee? also can i have the address and postcode?
i am also looking for a particular hotel named huntington marriott hotel.
thanks, what type of hotel is it?
that is fine. that's all, thank you! goodbye.
what type of hotel is it?
not just yet. i have everything i need for today. thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti?
i would like to book a table for 2 for wednesday, please.
at 14:00 please.
are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range?
if travellers rest is in the same area as grafitti then that will be all. thank you for your help!
i need to find a vietnamese restaurant in the moderate price range.
can you try chinese?
i'm a pathological liar. i don't want chinese. i actually want british food.
i'd like it to be in the centre please.
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on tuesday and get me the reference number
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay.
i would like a three star hotel. i'm trying to unplug on this trip, so free internet isn't necessary.
i would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. it should be 3 stars.
yes, could you make a suggestion maybe?
actually, i am open to a guest house. can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the moderate range?
since none of them seem to be close to the restaurant, can you suggest one for me?
could you book it for me? i need it for 3 people for 3 days.
i also need a taxi that arrives at the booked time.
yeah i want to get tp the restaurant at the time you booked it for me
yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. i need to be at the restaurant by 17:45. can you book the taxi for me, please?
no, that's it. thanks for your help. have a great day. goodbye.
could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?
it does not matter.
great, may i please have the address?
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday
hm, i guess a chinese place would be good.
italian food sounds good as well, how about that? the area and price must stay the same. really anything is fine i don't care.
well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. book it for 1 person for saturday at 14:30.
yes, i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. i'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.
thanks. that is all i need for today. bye.
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in. it should have free internet and parking.
i'd like a place that is cheap but still has free wifi and free parking. do you have a place like that?
no, thanks. i would like the postcode to that hotel, please.
i am also looking for something to do in town. are there any cinemas?
yes, please try the centre.
that will work as that is also close to me! thank you.
yes. what are the postcode and entrance fee?
no, i believe that is everything i need for now. thanks so much. bye.
i'd like a restaurant with korean food please.
what is their address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye
i would like to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge. can you give tell me their contact information and location?
no, i just need information today thanks. so, it is a bed and breakfast right? i don't want a hotel. any parking or internet available?
looking for a place to dine in moderate price and in the south
yes chinese please.
how about checking modern european food?
that's a wonderful suggestion. may i have the phone number and postcode, please?
no that will be all for today. thank you for your help. goodbye
can i take a train from stevenage on tuesday?
i need to go to cambridge on tuesday and arrive by 11:15.
sure, i need to book it for 3 people. can i get a reference number please? thanks so much!
i also need a hotel in the center area.
do any of them have free parking?
can i get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?
what is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?
yes please book it for me
actually i don't need it booked, i just need to know the price range, address and phone please.
that was all i needed. thank you. goodbye.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i need a train to cambridge leaving after 13:45.
not at all. i need a train departing from peterborough to cambridge.
is that train running on sunday? i need to travel from peterborough to cambridge on sunday.
yes. i need to book that for 7 people and i need the reference number.
yes, i also need a cheap guest house. it should be 4 stars in any area.
sunday, 2 nights. 7 people.
it will be on sunday.
yes please, can i also have the reference number?
great, thank you! have a great day. goodbye.
i need some information on a place called pizza express.
can you give me the postcode and address please?
yes, i'm looking for colleges to see in town. can you help me with that?
i don't care about that but i would like the address and area of the college i visit.
what is the address for gonville and caius college?
the gonville caius college would be a nice attraction. could i get the address please?
thank you. i look forward to the day in town. goodbye.
i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food.
yes, how about modern european food?
what is the phone number?
no, thank you.
any good places to eat in centre?
we wouldn't mind trying something new. we'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range. what do you recommend?
what's the address there?
no thaank you that is all i need today
i need a place to stay in cambridge that is a 2 star hotel with or without free parking.
i don't really have a preference for location, but i want someplace with free wifi and would like it in the expensive price range.
yes, that would be great. 2 nights for 1 person.
staying for two nights beginning on friday.
i would just like the phone number please.
i also need a place to dine in the centre area. can you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves indian food?
no, can you just get me the address, post code and phone number.
thank you for all the information. wonderful service. goodbye.
hello, i'm sight seeing in cambridge and i'm looking for somewhere to eat on the westside.
any cuisine is fine, but i would like it to be in the moderate price range.
please book a table for 2 at 19:15 on saturday with a reference number and l need a theatre in the same area as the restaurant.
that sounds great. can i get the phone number?
what is the entrance fee to the cambridge arts theatre?
that's okay, can i get a taxi from cambridge arts theatre to meghna by 19:15?
no, thank you.
moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please
please give me the address of the british restaurant.
what type of food do they serve ?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food
yes i need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday
no, thanks for your help!
i'm looking for hotels in the center area of town.
i don't care, but i'd like free parking.
the gonville hotel is good. can i book a room?
does it have free wifi and what is the rating of the hotel?
how many stars is the hotel rated?
are there any museums close to the hotel?
that's great, could you pick me one and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and address?
i am also looking for a place to stay
what is their star rating?
thanks, but i believe we are repeating ourselves. the hotel and attraction are all i need at this time. goodbye.
i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge on saturday.
the train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday. the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 10:15
yes, please for four people. may i also get the reference number?
i am also in the market for a new restaurant. is there something in the centre of town?
i'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, i am interested more in eritrean food, do you have any with that?
how about a place that serves british food?
could you book it for me, for saturday?
can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the centre area?
that sounds like it will do. can you reserve a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day, please?
just double checking. the restaurant reservation is for saturday at 15:15, correct?
yes please if it's available.
i think that is all i need for today. thank you for all your help!
hello. i'm trying to find a restaurant called graffiti. can you help me locate it?
yes, i'd like to book a table for 7 for sunday at 14:45.
excellent. i'm also looking for a place to stay. it should have free parking and free wifi.
no, not really. it just needs to be a hotel.
that sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the ashley have?
i also need a taxi to take me somewhere.
i just need to get to the restaurant by the time the reservation starts.
please have the taxi pick me up at the hotel. can i get the taxi contact number and car type?
an hour after i arrive at the restaurant sounds about right.
great thank you so much that's all i needed today.
i would like to visit an attraction in the west area of town?
i am looking for places to go in town in the west and i need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.
yes please. i also need a restaurant for a nice, expensive meal. near the college, at least in the same area.
i have heard a lot about molecular gastronomy food and want to try it, any places like that around?
if there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves european food
just give me your best picks
yes, please also make a reservation for 8 people.
monday at 11:45 please.
sorry, did you not understand me earlier? i said the restaurant needs to be in the same area as the attraction. neither of those are in the west.
please. to reiterate - i need a table for 8 on monday at 11:45.
thank you - and sorry for any confusion. i appreciate your patience. goodbye.
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant today.
yes, i would like somewhere that serves mediterranean cuisine and is located in the centre.
i don't have a particular price range in mind but would prefer something in the mid to low range
what is the phone number and postcode for the gardenia? i also need help finding a train leaving from norwich on wednesday.
i just need the reference number, please.
what is the post code and price range for that place to eat?
thanks, and i'll need 2 tickets on a train. i'll be heading from norwich to cambridge on friday, and i need to arrive by 09:00.
would you like to make a reservation for the restaurant?
no, that's all i need today. thank you so much.
i am going to the east part of cambridge and want to see a good attraction.
nothing specific as i am looking for recommendations.
no, do you have any other suggestions?
camboats sounds interesting. what type is it and where is it located?
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves gastropub food.
yes that would be great. could you book that for me?
i actually don't need a booking. can i have the phone number and address instead?
i still need the address, and after that we need to talk about a taxi.
no i just need a taxi from camboats at 11:30 to go to the restaurant.
thank you so much. that's all i need today.
i want to find a chinese restaurant in the east. do you know of any?
sure, can i please have the phone number?
no thanks, but i would like to find a place to stay. i need a 4-star place with free parking.
i do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and i would like someplace expensive.
let's go with the university arms hotel. i'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. we'd like to stay for 3 nights.
nope that is all thanks for all of your help!
i need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food.
thank you goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a train for my upcoming trip to cambridge. can you help me find one?
i am departing from bishops stortfod on friday. i can leave after 9:45
i need the train id
thank you i was also hoping to find a british place to eat in the centre.
lets do a moderate one. which would you recommend?
yes, please. i need the reservation to be for 5 people at 21:00 on friday.
i am looking for information in cambridge
first, i need a cheap guesthouse in the centre. it should have free wifi.
i would prefer the 4 star rated one. i need to book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting friday.
great thank you
yes i need a train that leaves on monday going to birmingham new street.
i need to depart from cambridge, leaving after 20:30
no thank you! i just need the arrival time, travel time, and train id.
thank you so much!
no that's all thank you.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food
how about international food?
what is their address and postcode?
thank you goodbye.
thank you goodbye.
i need to find local restaurants in cambridge where i can dine and i also need an expensive 4 star hotel i can stay in while in cambridge.
an actual hotel instead of a guesthouse, i would need to have free wifi.
yes, i'd like to book 2 nights there, please.
for 1 person, 2 nights starting sunday.
yes, i'm also looking for a place called the midsummer house restaurant.
yes, please make a reservation.
it will be at 16:00 on sunday. just a table for one.
thank you for your help!
i'd like a train leaving cambridge for broxbourne, please.
i need to travel on tuesday after 15:15.
could i get the price first?
i'm not ready to book yet. i'm also looking for a place to stay.
i really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a moderate price range. i don't care if there's free parking, but it has to be a hotel.
please book it for 1 person, for 4 nights starting friday.
no i believe that will be all for now. thank you for your help!
i am looking for a hotel on the east side, and i would prefer a four star hotel
i'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible, what is there available?
i would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from friday.
no, thank you very much for your help.
no, again, thank you for your help.
i am looking for a train from stevanage to cambridge.
eww, friday won't really work for me. do you have anything on thursday?
that train sounds good, can you book it for 4 people?
yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called meghna?
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 4 on thursday at 20:30.
thank you, goodbye
are there any trains leaving cambridge?
i'm trying to get to london liverpool street on friday.
i don't have a preference but i do need to arrive by 14:45.
yes, please book it for 3 people.
thanks! now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the centre?
can you just suggest one for me?
yes, please reserve it for 3 people on friday at 11:45. and i want the reference number too
awesome, that is all thanks for your help.
i need a train from broxbourne
i need to leave on thursday.
yes, time travel would be fine. but i need to get to cambridge by 11:45 at the latest.
yes, please book this for 8 people. i will also need the reference number.
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. it doesn't need to have free parking.
just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.
no thank you. i just need the price and the postcode please.
thank you. that's all i need for now.
is that a hotel. if so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.
no, i'll book one when i get there. thank you for your help!
no that is all i needed.
i'm looking for a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi
i would prefer the north.
actually, is the hamilton lodge a guesthouse? i'd prefer a cheap guesthouse.
that sounds acceptable. can you please book a room for me starting on wednesday? it will only be me and i will be staying 5 nights.
i am also looking to get some italian food.
do you have one in the east, in the cheap price range?
can you book it for sunday and give me a reference number please..
can you find one in the east with a different price range?
okay, i want to book that restaurant for 1 person
i would like the reservation on the same day at 11:00.
no i am good to go now. thanks, bye!
hi, i'm really looking forward to coming to cambridge. you have an express by holiday inn, right?
yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next saturday.
i just need their postcode and price range please. i will book it myself later.
yes, i am also looking to visit the fez club during my stay. may i have their phone number?
i need a taxi to take me from the fez club to my hotel please.
i want to leave the fez club by 17:00.
no. that was it. thanks for your help!
i'd like something fun to do while i'm in cambridge.
i'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.
get me their post code and phone number.
thanks. can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?
i need it to be in the west and i would prefer a hotel.
does it have free parking ?
can you just tell me the address please?
please! can you help me book a taxi to nusha? i'd like to leave the hotel by 14:30 to make sure i get to nusha too early to enjoy myself.
thanks for all your help!
thanks and great day
could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
yes. what kind of food do they serve?
could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better?
thank you. goodbye.
hello, i am new to town and would like some ideas on whee i should go in the centre.
no. can you recommend a place i should go?
ok. what is the entrance fee?
thanks, i'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the centre of town.
i apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but i would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?
no thank you. i'm looking for an indian restaurant
let's go with curry garden. i need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.
i also need a taxi from vue cinema to curry garden. i need to leave curry garden by 14:45
vue to curry. thank you.
no. that is what i need. thank you!
this looks complete, thank you for your help!
please help me find a four star hotel.
somewhere south, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.
yes can you please book that.
i need it for 3 nights starting thursday. there will be 5 of us.
is there any expensive irish restaurants?
okay, let's adjust the food type to african please
no, i just need the address and phone number.
i would like a cab leaving the hotel by 8:00 going to the restaurant, i need contact number and car type please.
thank you. i do not need any further help right now.
i'm looking for colleges in the centre of town.
that's great. are there any close to some museums and restaurants?
i'm looking for the college to be in the centre area of town, if possible.
yes, please. i'm looking for a cheap 4 star guest house. any area will do.
no, but could you give me the address and postcode?
no thank you, i am all set. enjoy the rest of your weekend.
i am flying into the area and would love to find a nice guesthouse to accommodate me while i'm there.
i don't care about price but would like one in the north that has free parking.
does this hotel has internet? if yes, please give the address.
yeah, is the jesus green outdoor pool still open?
can you provide me with the phone number, address, and the area?
okay, that's all the information i need for now. thank you for your help.
i would like to find a place to stay next weekend
i just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a guesthouse.
price doesn't matter. i need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting thursday. can i get the reference number?
thank you so much. i'm also looking for a good museum in town.
is that in the centre area and a museum? if it is please let me know the address, phone and entrance fee.
thank you so much for all your help!
no, that's all i needed. goodbye!
i am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
that would be just fine, thank you.
any area will do. recommend something.
great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on wednesday. can you try that for me?
thank you! are there any places to go in the east?
ok, what's their address and postcode?
i also need a taxi.
i will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel.
i want to leave by 15:30.
can i get the contact number and the car type please?
thank you very much. that is all that i need.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
can you give me their address and phone number?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. i will need their address.
thank you goodbye.
i need to know more about the alexander bed and breakfast.
i would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
is there a reference number associated with the booking?
i need information on india house, a restaurant. i need to book for 5 people at 16:45 for wednesday, please.
great. thanks for all your help!
thank you that is all i need today.
i am looking for home from home hotel
what is the star rating for the hotel? and what area is that in?
not at this time, thank you. i am, however, looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford on saturday.
i'd like to depart from cambridge after 18:45 please.
could i please have the price and travel time as well?
not at this time. thank you for your help.
i need to catch a train in london king's cross to ride into cambridge.
i want to leave on monday after 12:45.
that is fine. can you provide the arrival time, train id, and travel time.
yes can you please book it.
thank you! that sounds excellent! i am also craving british food. are there any moderately priced british restaurants there?
not really, i'll just need to book it for the same day for 4 people.
i would like it at 15:00 on the same day.
yes of course i want the reference number! why wouldn't i!
thank you for your time.
does cambridge have an indian restaurant in the centre of town?
i need a cheap one.
yes, please. i need a reservation for 7 people at 5:15 on sunday.
i also need to book a train for my trip to cambridge.
i will be leaving from birmingham new street on sunday.
i'll depart anytime as long as i can get to cambridge by 08:30.
sounds good. please, may i have the price, travel time, and departure time?
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
i don't need parking.
that sounds fine. what is their address and postcode? oh, i'll need their phone number too, if it's available.
yes please book it for me thank you
actually, i don't want to book it at this time. can i get some information about the vue cinema, though?
i would like the address and phone number.
thanks. do you know if there is an entrance fee?
oh, that's alright, thanks for your help!
no, thank you. that's all i need today.
howdy, i was wondering if the alpha-milton guest house still does business?
i would like to stay at the alpha-milton guest house.
i need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a sunday.
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre and tell me the food type
that is fine. i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
no i don't need the restaurant booked but i do need a taxi.
leaving the rice house to go to the hotel
i want to leave the restaurant by 02:15.
no thank you, i appreciate all your help. have a good day!
im looking for a place to dine, it should be in the south serving morden global food
it is ok provided that it is cheap
portuguese should be fine.
no, i'm not ready to book today. can i just get a phone number and postcode please?
i would also like to find a place to stay.
the area doesn't really matter too much. i would like something with 4 stars and free parking though.
please book it for 3 nights starting on thursday. i want the booking to be for 8 people.
that would be all. thank you for your time today.
i was hoping to find a college to visit while in cambridge.
definitely the west. i'll need a phone number, address and postcode, please?
i am also hungry
yes, i'd like to try some polynesian food.
can you try an indian place instead? and something in the west.
is it moderately priced?
can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at 12:45 on monday?
great that was all i needed today.
hello, i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge.
i'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but i absolutely need free wifi!
i don't care.
i would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.
rosa's bed and breakfast sounds fine. can you book it for 3 people arriving on thursday for 5 nights?
yes i also need to book a train for 3 people on thursday between bishops stortford and cambridge arriving by 09:00.
thank you very much for your help today.
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant today.
i'm looking for a japanese place in the centre of town.
how expensive is it?
great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on friday.
okay, i also need a train to get to norwich.
i'll be leaving cambridge on saturday after 13:45. i''ll be heading to norwich. do you have anything for me?
it doesn't matter when i arrive as long as i leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. and i'll want to book the train for the same group of people.
i'll pay at the station. well that's it for me today. thanks for all your help! g'bye :)
i need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you
thank you, goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.
i need an expensive restaurant
i would like vietnamese food
is there any restaurants severing north american food.
is that expensive?
yes, i would like to have the phone number and postcode please.
i'm looking for some attractions in the centre.
parks for kids or a water slide
i need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
thank you, can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the same area as the parkside pools?
i am open to all types of food as long as it's in the moderate price range.
that sounds great. can you book that for tuesday at 12:00?
there are 6 people
thanks for your help!
no that will be all. thanks!
can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town?
do either of them have a 3 star rating?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
that's all i need, thank you
thanks agian. goodbye.
i need to find a place to eat in centre please.
i'm looking for an inexpensive spanish restaurant.
yes, a table for 6, friday at 16:00.
yeah, can you recommend a place in the area? preferably something college related.
nice, in the same area as the restaurant i see. what is the address with postcode?
one more question, is there an entrance fee?
no that is all, you were wonderful. have a great day!!
hi there. i'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.
not really. it does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.
does it have a star of 0. that is very important to me?
what about one that is in the moderate price range?
no area preference. any of them are fine. can you book one for me starting thursday?
there will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. can i get the reference number for that once it is booked?
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 20:15 and get contact number and car type
i'm sorry i did not mention i am looking for an entertainment attraction in the south of town.
what type of entertainment are they? can you give me phone numbers, please?
i'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and i'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.
i think tenpin should work nicely, thanks.
wonderful! nope, that's it. thanks so much for all of your help!
wow, i cant believe that i got a person this quickly. i need a train to cambridge. i want to get there buy tuesday at 12:30.
i'll be leaving from london kings cross.
i would like to take this train. thank you.
awesome. could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?
it should be in the moderate price range.
american food and i need a booking for same group
i am looking for something in the moderate price range in the centre. is there anything that meets that criteria?
yes please! i'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on tuesday
how about a table at 19:30? can you reserve that please?
yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?
yes i would like a reservation for one at 19:30
no, you've been a great help today. thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for a thai restaurant on the west side.
yes, please. could you book it for 5 people on sunday?
i would like a table for 13:00.
yes, please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side.
ok, that would be fine. can you please send me the reference number?
no that is all, thank you , cheers.
i would really like to find a basque restaurant on the west side. does that exist?
how about italian food
no, what is the phone number?
thank you
no, thank you!
please send me general information about a particular hotel called the lensfield hotel.
yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on monday?
i am also looking for a train out of bishops stortford please.
i need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, i'd like it to be chinese food.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town, please.
no, i just need the address, postcode and phone number. thanks!
that's all i need. thanks, good bye.
i'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?
i was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available i would like to know where the swimming pools are.
that is fine. get me the phone number and address
i'm also looking for information on a restaurant called rice boat.
yes, please. can you reserve a table for saturday for 5 people at 13:45? thanks.
can i have the reference number for the booking?
i am looking for a hotel on the west side that gives free wifi.
i'd like a zero star hotel that has wifi.
sure, let's look for a 4 star hotel instead.
as long as it's 4 star that's all i just need one for 5 people for 4 nights starting monday.
ok, lets give it a try.
yes, please book the hotel.
yes how about 1 night
yes, where can i find a hotel for 4 nights and 5 people, tuesday through friday?
that's ok. i do need to find a moderately priced austrian restaurant though.
how about one that serves british food? get me an area and address if possible.
ok, that sounds great.
no that's fine. i'm good. thank you.
not right now. thank you for your help. bye.
is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in cambridge by 9:15 or do you need to get there the night before?
i'll be coming in from stansted airport on friday.
yes, please! the one at 8:24 please. 1 person. give me the reference number.
thanks. i'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.
the hotel should be in the north.
sounds good. could you get me the postcode and the phone number?
ok book that please
actually, i don't want to book yet. thanks for the information. i think that is all i need.
that is all i need. goodbye.
could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?
i really want to treat myself so i was thinking expensive european food.
any part of town will do so kindly recommend something and give me the postcode and address
oh and i'm going to need a place to stay. can you find me an expensive 4 star hotel that includes free wifi please?
it doesn't matter but can you find one in the expensive price range?
that will be fine can you get me the address and postcode.
that's all, thank you for your help. good-bye.
i want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food.
portuguese food
i don't care
sounds great, what is their address?
thank you and goodbye!
i'm looking for a train going to broxbourne leaving on saturday.
yes, i need to arrive in broxbourne by 18:15.
no, i just need the price.
yes, i'm also looking for a 4 star hotel, in any area, that includes free parking.
i don't have a preference of price but i'd like for it to be a guesthouse in the north.
sure, i'll try kirkwood house. make me a booking for 5 nights for a party of 5, checking in on monday
great thank you, that is all i need for now.
i will be in cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while i visit.
i don't really care. can you suggest something?
how about a theatre? can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?
thank you! can you help me find a hotel to stay in? i need it to have free wifi.
it needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. i don't care about the price.
can you book it for me? just for one person starting on wednesday for 5 nights.
can you try for just 2 nights then?
can i please book a taxi to get to the hotel?
i'd actually like to be picked up from alexander bed and breakfast by 15:30.
that's all for today. thanks for your help!
can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking?
how many stars does this hotel have, and does it have wifi?
can you tell me the name and phone number of that hotel please?
no, actually that did it. i have all i need. thanks again. goodbye.
hi there. i am looking for a train out of cambridge.
my desired destination is norwich.
friday after 18:15. i will need 4 tickets. please send me a reference number too.
i need a hotel that is moderately priced. i do not want a guesthouse.
is there anything with 3 stars?
yeah, lets try expensive places.
yes please for the same group of people on tuesday.
i'd like to stay for 3 nights, please.
nope that is all i need today. i appreciate your time! thank you.
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves korean food.
what is the address , phone number, and postcode?
thank you, this is great.
hi, do you know about trains that run from king's lynn?
i would like to travel on wednesday by train departing from kings lynn to cambridge. but want to arrive by 11:45.
just one, please
thanks! i also need a hotel (not a guesthouse!) with free wifi, please.
can you tell me if ashley hotel is located in the south and does it include free parking?
okay, i need the address of a hotel in the south please with free wifi and parking.
yes, can you look in the west please?
i would prefer the cheaper one please.
that's it for today, thank you
i'm looking for an upscale guesthouse.
i don't care about the area. all that matters to me is that it has free wifi.
is there any in the cheap price range then?
sounds great. i need to be there saturday and we will be staying 4 nights.
yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
thank you so much for your help.
as long as my reservation is for 2 people, we are set. thank you!
thank you so much. i'm sure i will.
i need a train leaving arriving in stevenage.
i am departing from cambridge and going to stevenage. this will be for saturday and i want to arrive by 15:45
yes. please book for 6 people.
i also need food
looking for something in the cheap price range that serves danish food. if that is not available then chinese food.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
for 6 people at 11:15 on saturday.
thank you that is all i needed. good bye.
i'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food.
i would like the south part of town please.
yes, please. there are 4 of us for this friday at 16:00.
how about 15:00 instead?
yes, i will need the reference number.
no that was everything i needed. thank you for your help!
yes, i need a train for wednesday arriving at 14:45.
i need the train to go to cambridge and leave from stansted airport.
great, that's all i needed. thank you!
i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on wednesday, please...
yes, i'd like to book for three people please.
thank you. im also looking for a hotel in the north in the moderate price range.
sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 3 people?
no that is everything i need today. thank you.
i am hoping you can help me find a british restaurant at which to dine during my visit to cambridge.
i will be in the west and it needs to be moderately priced.
yes please make a booking for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday,and i need the reference number when completed.
sure, i need the address and postcode for an attraction called camboats.
thank you that is all i need for today.
i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
what is the price range there?
excellent. what is their address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye!
hi, i was wondering if there was a swimming pool that an out of town person could use while visiting.
any of them will be ok i also need the postcode and area it's in.
perfect, thanks. can you also help me find a good turkish restaurant that's moderately priced?
can i get more information about anatolia?
can you give me the postcode?
yes, i also want to book a taxi. can you help me with that?
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. i want to leave the restaurant by 5:15 sharp
yes, i want to leave the restaurant by 05:15.
no thank you that will be all
i'm looking for a place to stay. can you help me find one?
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2.
can you check instead for 3 stars?
i don't have a preference for the area. can you recommend 1 of the 3? i need to book a room.
that sounds great. lets see if you can book it for tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.
i am also looking for a train on thursday. i will be departing from cambridge and traveling to norwich.
i am looking to arrive no later than 12:45. i have no preference for departure time. thank you.
yes, i'll actually need 2 tickets please.
thanks for all of your help!
you have covered everything, thanks again.
i am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town.
no i want to stay in the centre. can you check if there are any concerthalls?
can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for the man on the moon?
i am also looking for a cheap vietnamese restaurant.
ok, i'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on friday. please give a reference number as well, thanks!
i'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time. i need a contact number and the car type.
that is everything i needed. thank you for the help.
i am looking for irish food that is cheap. i will need their phone number too.
how about vietnamese food?
hello, i'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to cambridge. i'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity i care about is free wifi.
yes please book it for this weelkend
actually, i just realized the allenbell won't work as it is in the east. i need a gueshouse that is located in the centre. do you have anything in that area?
well that all i need thank you
you can just end the convo. it's an option. you don't have to keep going read the directions. makes it hard for other workers
i need some help finding a train to cambridge.
departing from peterborough on friday. i should arrive by 10:00
i would like to arrive by 10:00
doesn't matter. just pick one.
yes. actually, i would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves korean food.
why don't you try vietnamese food.
yes, please book it. i would also like the address.
i just needed that info. thank you.
no thats all i wanted thank you
are there any places to stay in the centre of town?
it should be a guesthouse, have 0 stars and include free parking.
as long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. i'd like to book for 3 nights starting wednesday.
i would like that for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday please.
i am also looking for places to go in the same area.
mutliple sports would be nice.
nah, i just realized i hate sports. a lot. how about nightclubs?
can i have the address, postcode, and entrance fee
great, thanks so much, that's all i need! have a great day!
i am looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.
great i am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting sunday
yes, 1 night is fine.
thank you. good-bye.
i'm needing to find a train that goes to cambridge. i want to arrive by 13:15.
i need to leave from leicester on saturday.
i think so, how much does that one cost per ticket?
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay. are there any guesthouses in the east side of the city?
yes i am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse that includes free parking.
can you give me a price first?
i will also need the postcode and the star rating of that guesthouse please.
that's everything, i think. thank you for all the help!
i would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the north.
could you try a swimming pool instead?
cool, what's their phone number?
yes, i'm looking for a chinese restaurant.
something moderate, and close to the pool, please.
i'm looking for something in the north near the pool.
yes, that will work thank you,
can you book me a table for 6 people at 18:45 on saturday?
i'll also need a taxi. i want to go from the pool to the restaurant and get there in time for that reservation.
that is it for today. thanks for helping
can you help me find a place to eat serving british food in the moderate price range?
it needs to be close to my hotel and open late.
in the centre if possible
yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 16:45 on wednesday? could i get a reference number too please?
yes, i'd like a hotel in the same area.
wednesday, for 2 nights.
i dont mind any price.
ok, can you book a room for our group or are you expecting me to call them?
i actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. i don't need free parking. i will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on wednesday, please.
i am planning my trip to cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food. can you help me?
i would like a moderately-priced restaurant.
sure, book it for 3 people at 14:45 on monday.
yes, could we try for 13:45. that would work for me.
yes, i'd like to find a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.
i want to go to a museum.
whichever one you think, and please provide etrance fee as well.
great can i also get a taxi to take me between the two places?
i just need to ensure the taxi gets me from the museum to the restaurant by my reservation time. can you swing that?
okay, that's all i needed. thank you.
where can i find a restaurant located in the cambridge centre?
i'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.
the attraction should be in the centre. i need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type
thank you for the information. i do have one other request. i am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called fitzbillies.
yes. i would like it for 1. 15:15 on tuesday.
great! can you also book me a taxi from all saints church to fitzbillies by 15:15?
great. thank you so much!
i am excited about visiting a particular attraction in cambridge. can you help me?
i am looking for the fitzwilliam museum
yes, please. what is the postcode?
yes. i am looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free wifi.
yeah sure why not! that would be dope!
yes please. book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning monday. i need a reference number.
no thank you, you been so helpful, have a wonderful day!
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food.
is there a asian oriental type food available?
of course!
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a swimming pool.
the area doesn't really matter, can you pick a popular me for me?
i'm looking for a sri lankan restaurant.
hmm, what about chinese food?
yes, i'd like to take my husband there at 11:30 on wednesday.
i'd also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant that arrives by the reservation time.
as long as it arrives by 11:30 it doesnt matter when it leaves
yes, please. i'll need the contact number and car type.
thank you, you were a great help. that's all i needed.
have great day too
i would like a a decent chinese restaurant
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking and has a 3 star rating.
possibly. does either include both free wifi and free parking?
no, please choose the best one. i need the area, postcode and address for them.
are there any good bistro restaurants in the centre?
what about indian cuisine?
no price range preference. what is your recommendation?
that sounds great, could i get their address and phone number?
ok, that should be all for me. thank you so much for all of your help!
i'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town. can you tell me about my options?
what do you have with a rating of 1 star?
no, it has to be in the west. a 4 star place would be okay, as long as it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.
well, i definitely want a hotel in the west. i need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting saturday.
is the cambridge belfry available for 4 nights starting saturday for 6 people?
are there any four star hotels in the west?
to recap, i need a hotel in the west, four stars.
i'd rather have the least expensive one. what star rating is it?
ok, can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the west part of town? any one is fine.
let me try again. i am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people. checking in on saturday, 5 nights.
i need a hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on saturday, please recheck that you can't book that.
no, i'm sorry that was so confusing. it appears i have 2 hotels, but that is better than 0. have a good day. bye.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant
i want somewhere in the center .
i made a mistake. i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
i prefer indian food.
is there anything else?
how about that italian restaurant?
thank you for the information. goodbye.
i need a place to stay in the south.
i am looking for something in a moderate price range.
that sounds perfect! please book it for me. thank you!
how about you try to search for a type of the guest house without certain dates?
i would like to know more about the aylesbray lodge, do you have the address and can you tell me whether they offer free parking?
that's all the info i need about the guesthouse, but i also need to book a train leaving on friday.
i need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford
i just need to get there by 2:30 pm is all.
yes, i need tickets for 4 people, and can you give me a reference number?
that is all i needed today and i thank you for your help.
i need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.
yes i need a hotel in the east and 2 stars with free wifi.
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on thursday
are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?
oh no, ok. what about a college?
sure. could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?
great can i also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? i want to leave the attraction by 19:15 please.
great that's all i needed today, thank you.
yes thank you so much.
i want to see local sights, can you help?
i like hiking and seeing historical sites.
yes, i would like to find a hotel in the cheap price range?
i don't really care about the area.
doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. i just want it to be a 0 star hotel.
yes please, 6 people for 5 nights and we would be arriving monday.
yes, a guesthouse is fine. i was looking for zero stars and in the cheap price range.
yes, please book it for me.
let book the same but on tuesday instead.
i'm also looking for somewhere to go. perhaps the college. can you tell me the postcode for the college?
great, thanks. i don't need anymore help. goodbye!
will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the east please?
are there any that are in the expensive price range?
how about a restaurant that serves british food then?
yeah. that sounds good. can you book it for 4 people at 19:30 on wednesday?
great! i am also looking for information about a train. can you help me with that?
i would like to go from cambridge to ely on thursday.
that's all i need.
yes please. i'll need a departure time, travel time, and price. thank you.
that sounds perfect, thank you.
no, that is all i need today, thank you.
hi, are there any theatres in the south part of town?
yes, and i would also like to know the entrance fee.
i'm also looking for the carolina bed and breakfast. is that in cambridge?
i need to know if they have internet service.
yes i would like a booking please. it will be just me.
actually, i don't need a reservation at this time. thank you for all your help - i'm good to go.
no, that's all. goodbye.
could you give me information on a hotel called alpha-milton guest house?
can i book 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday?
yes, please find me another one that's available on thursday.
sure. that sounds fine. can you give me the reference number once you book that?
no thank you for your time.
i am looking for a place to go and it should be in the south.
are there any swimming pools?
no, that's ok, are there any parks in the south?
sure, give me the info for the wandlebury.
can i get the address and postcode?
i would also like a reservation at a a jamaican restaurant in that area for seven people at 12:45, if there is none chinese would also be good.
the price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at 12:45 on wednesday. can you give me the reference # once it's booked?
nope. thanks for all your help.
where can i go that is located in the west in town?
churches could be interesting
anything in the west will do. what's your favorite?
thanks for the correction. can you please get me their phone number?
thank you! i'm also looking for an african restaurant, near clare hall. can you help out with that?
okay, how about one that serves indian food?
i want expensive please.
my sister loves india house. that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 at 12:30 on saturday, please?
do they have anything available at 11:30?
that's all for now. thank you
i am trying to find a jamaican restaurant
how about a expensive mediterranean?
let's book a table at shiraz.
monday at noon and five.
also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
can i get the address, postcode and price range of that hotel?
sure, that would be great. one person for 2 nights please.
the same day, i'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel and restaurant.
wednesday, i need to arrive to the restaurant by my booked time.
what was i thinking! i wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at 12:30 on wednesday. please change my booking at shiraz.
i need to change it to wednesday at 12:30 for 1 person. the others can't make it. sorry.
no, please find me a zero star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking
any stars would be fine.
i am looking for a hotel with a zero star rating with both free wifi and parking, please.
i highly recommend el shaddai. it is cheap. can i book?
yes, can i get the postcode and address please.
i am looking for a restaurant please.
one that serves modern american food.
i guess i can do spanish food, try to find something in the centre area, please.
i'd like the moderately priced one please.
can i get a table for 3 at 11:30 on thursday?
i also looking for a train to cambridge, arriving by 8:45.
the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester.
does that arrive before 8:45?
yes, that will work out just fine. thank you
i don't need to book it, actually. but how long is the ride?
what is the departure time?
nope. that's everything i need today.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
i would like it to be in the east and it should be cheap
i need to book a table for 6 on sunday at 19:15 please, and can i get the reference number?
i need to find a train to get to the restaurant. i want to arrive by 16:30.
i will be departing from london liverpool street and going to cambridge.
thank you that will be all
i am looking for places to go in the east side of town.
i would like a boat type. thank you.
thank you, can i get the postal code and phone number as well?
yes. i need a hotel with a star rating of 0 that includes free parking.
whichever one provides free parking and is at least a 4 star will work. please book and provide a reference number.
alright pick one then.
does it have internet?
i'm not booking it now, just gathering information which you have provided. thank you very much! that is all i need. goodbye.
i was hoping that you could find a restaurant for me.
i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the center of town that serves turkish food. thanks.
the moderately priced one sounds good can you give me the address and phone number? can you also find me a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.
yes and i need the reference number thank you
nevermind, i won't be needing that reservation after all. thank you!
may i please have the postcode, address, and hotel type?
thank you so much.
thank you, i'll let you know if i need anything else.
i am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre of cambridge.
i prefer russian food actually.
no. it really does need to be cheap. what about chinese in the centre?
i want to book a golden house table for 1 person at 16:30 on sunday.
could you also help me book a train for monday?
i am traveling to birmingham new street
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 12:45
okay, what is the departure time and travel time?
no, that will be all, thank you.
thank you good bye.
i want to find a cheap hungarian restaurant.
what kind of cheap restaurants are there in the center of town?
ooh, italian sounds good.
yes please i need a table for 7 people at 13:30 on thursday
how about 12:30 then?
ok, great! can you also help me find a train going to cambridge?
i would like to depart from kings lynn.
i'd like to arrive no later than 9:00 in the morning.
i can make that arrival time work. let's book it. and what is the total price and travel time, please?
thank you for all your help, that is all i need today.
can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? thanks.
do they have a guesthouse available?
how about one in the moderate price range?
could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?
no, just get me their phone number and i'll give them a ring
looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?
i want a guesthouse that has free parking.
could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from friday?
excellent. i'm also looking for a place to visit. can you tell me if there are any colleges in the centre area?
thanks that was all i needed.
i want something in the north part of town with swedish food.
are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town?
great, can you please give me its address and phone number?
thank you good bye.
thanks!
i need to find lodgings on the north side of town.
some place in the north and it does not need to have free parking
is the avalon a hotel or a guesthouse?
yes please, i would arrive tuesday and need to book for 3 people. it will be a 4 night stay. can i get a reference number please?
that's all i need. thanks.
can you help me find cambridge university botanic gardens? thanks.
do you know the hours that they are open?
am also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called the copper kettle
what's the postcode?
i will need a taxi to get to the botanic gardens.
i would like to leave by 21:15. could you provide a contact number and car type?
great that's all i needed, thank you.
hi. i'm looking for a hungarian restaurant in cambridge that is moderately priced. can you help me?
hmm, well maybe british food if you have anything.
no can you recommend one?
that sounds great. can you reserve us a table? we're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 16:15 on wednesday.
how about 15:15. also im looking for a train that should arrive by 10:00 and depart from kings lynn.
i am traveling on wednesday, the same as for the restaurant.
i need 3 seats same for the restaurant as well.
i need to go to cambridge.
any of those would be fine. thank you. for 3 people and can i have the reference number?
ok, thanks, that's what i needed.
no, i think that's all. thanks so much.
any chance you can direct me to where i can locate a cheap room for the night?
a guest house, with free parking, would be just the thing.
that sounds perfect, actually. can you book me a room on thursday for 5 people for a 4 night stay?
no, that gives me everything i need.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves thai food.
is there anything else?
may i have the address and postcode for sala thong, then?
thank you goodbye.
are there any crossover restaurants in the west?
how about looking for crossover restaurants that are expensive. doesn't matter the area.
how about one that serves european food?
no but can i get the phone number, postcode, and address please?
yes i would like a train to bishops stortford please.
yes, departing from cambridge on monday. i'd like to get to bishops stortford by 18:00, if possible.
yes please. book that.
i am traveling by myself. i need the train id also after you book.
great. thank you!
i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food.
it doesn't matter .
can i have an european restaurant instead ?
i need the address and phone number.
no, that does it. thank you and goodbye!
i am looking for an italian restaurant, cheap preferably.
yes, i'd like to be in the center of town, please.
please book a table for 4 people at zizzi cambridge for 19:15 on monday and provide me the reference number.
i'm also looking for emmanuel college
can i get the phone number?
i would like a taxi.
i need to go from the college to the restaurant by 19:15 on monday.
thank you for the information. i appreciate it. good bye.
i going to be staying in the centre part of town, what is there to do at that area?
no, i don't have a preference. what's a good place to go to?
may i get the postcode, phone number for that attraction?
yes, i'd like information about the alpha milton guest house.
that sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 5 nights.
i'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. if possible, i'd like to leave the museum no later than 24:45.
great. thank you, that will be all for now. have a great day.
can you tell what there is to do in the centre area?
hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to nightclubs. are there any in that area of town?
thank you can you find me a place to eat as well.
i'm sorry, i forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. can you give me the postcode and phone number to the fez club that you found?
great, thanks. now i'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 0.
not really and i don't need parking either.
i would like a hotel please.
no, but i do need the phone number of the hotel.
yes i need a taxi to leave the hotel by 5:00 and the attraction.
thank you that is all i needed.
i need a place to stay with free parking. ideas?
moderate. i'd like to stay at an actual hotel and would like free internet as well.
yes, actually that will work. can you reserve a room for friday for 7 people, 5 nights?
thank you for the reservation! yes, i also need a train departing on friday.
i would like to travel on thursday. i need to leave by 17:00.
i'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on friday and departing from leicester.
i'll be going to cambridge and need to arrive by 09:00.
that sounds great, can you book passage for 7, please?
awesome! thank you for all of your help, this was easier than i thought it would be.
i'd like to find some information about the allenbell hotel.
perfect! can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
great! that works out perfect. that's all for today. thanks a lot. bye!
i am looking for an attraction called great saint mary's church.
is there price for admission? what type of attraction is it?
ok thank you. i also need a place to dine that serves austrian and that is cheap.
what about chinese food?
the one in the south will do. could you give me their postcode and phone number please?
i can book it myself, thanks. however, i will need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the lucky star.
i would like to leave the church by 24:30.
nope, i just need to get there eventually! please send me the contact number and car type when you get the chance, thanks!
no, i think you covered it. thanks!
hi, i need a really expensive restaurant.
actually, i was confused. i'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. i'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. something that's expensive, please. doesn't matter if it has free parking.
that sounds wonderful, could you please make a reservation.
i don't need a reservation at this time, but i do need the address, postcode, and area for the huntingdon marriott, please.
great! can you also help me find a modern european restaurant in the south?
i want to book a table for one at 14:30 on friday.
thanks! can you also book a taxi for me? i need to make sure i get to the restaurant on time for that reservation!
that's all i need.
hi i'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves asian oriental food.
that sounds great! we would like a reservation for monday at 16:45 for 6 people. can i get the reference number for our reservation?
thank you very much. also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the north as well?
we love boating. can you give me the address of one of the nicer boating areas please?
thanks so much! that's all i need today.
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. can you help me out?
we were thinking we would like some asian oriental food, if available.
what about british food in that part of town?
let me try graffiti out. can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 17:45?
cool, i need a place to stay, too.
i don't really care. i do need free wifi, but parking doesn't really matter.
i would like a three star place, if you have one.
i would like to find a 3 star guesthouse that has free parking. i would need the area it is in and a phone number.
do you mean that it is close to the restaurant? can you give me the phone number?
no, thank you. i do need to book a taxi from the hotel that arrives at the restaurant by the reservation time, though, please.
thank you for your help. that's all i need today.
can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel please?
ok ill go with the first choice the huntingdon marriott hotel
yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting thursday and i need the reference number.
thank you. i am also looking for a chinese restaurant in the same area as the huntingdon marriott hotel.
are there any chinese restaurants within a short distance outside the area which are in the same price range as the hotel?
excellent, can i get the address of the ugly duckling?
no, but i would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. i've like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.
no, i do not think so. thank you for your help!
hi i am looking for a cheap place to dine serving italian food
the area doesn't matter to me.
yes can i have the phone number?
not at the moment. however, i am also looking for a museum. can you assist me with that?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
can i get the phone number and the entrance fee then?
that sounds great, thanks for all of your help. i won't be needing anything else. bye.
i would like a four star hotel.
no but i need it to have free parking and cheap.
i'm looking for a hotel type place to stay. are any of those hotels?
cambridge belfry sounds great, can i get the reference number once you make that reservation?
4 people, 5 nights on saturday. if that's not available try a different one same price range.
yes one that is in the same price range.
yes. that sounds great. please try to book it.
thank you. that's all i needed today.
hi, i am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi. can you help me?
i might, but first do they have free parking?
okay sounds great. can you give me the address, phone number, and price range?
thank you. that'll do it for today, bye.
hi, i need to find out if there's a train going to leicester that leaves on monday.
i will be departing from cambridge.
i want to leave after 09:45.
i would like to leave after 9:45.
i just need the travel time please.
i also need an expensive hotel with free parking.
i specifically am looking for a guesthouse in the east if that helps narrow things down.
please look for something moderately priced, then.
let's go with the warkworth. please make me a booking for friday for 5 people, 3 nights.
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am traveling to cambridge and am looking for places to go in the east part of town.
yes, is that in the east side of town? if so could you let me know the address and postcode please?
is there a greek restaurant in that part of town as well?
that's too bad. i would be interested in british food.
yes please i need a restaurant for 8 people at 17:30 on saturday.
i need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre.
are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city?
how about ones that serve italian food?
yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 14:00 please.
no, that should be all, thanks!
hello! i am looking for information about a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house. can you help me?
that's perfect. what's the phone number?
yes, i'm also looking for entertainment in the centre of town. what's fun?
could you find an architecture attraction?
yes, i would like more information please and will you let me know what the entrance fee is?
thanks so much! that's all i need today.
i need a restaurant in the centre of town.
i would like a restaurant that also serves indian food please.
do you have a recommendation?
great book for 2 on friday at 13:30. i need the reference number. i need to get train tickets too then
great. could you also help me with a train from kings lynn to cambridge. i need to leave after 19:45 on sunday.
yes i need a booking for 2 people. please book the one leaving at 20:11.
i'm so sorry, i misspoke, i need the train on saturday. is it possible to change the reservation?
oh ok, thank you.
no, thank you. i think we've covered it all.
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the south, can you give me information on my options.
is that a guesthouse? i don't want to stay in a guesthouse, i want to stay in a hotel please.
can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the south side?
i would like to book it for 3 nights
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
i am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably chinese food.
not yet, can you find me one that is in the same area as the hotel?
that sounds great. can i make a reservation for 4 people today at 19:15?
thank you for helping
that is all i need, goodbye
i need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.
does it offer free parking?
perfect. i need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. we will be arriving on saturday.
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. i'd like to eat hungarian food.
how about british food then. expensive british food.
no,but im need british food for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day
yes, please pick one for me.
i need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.
thank you. that is all that i need today.
wonderful time too
hi. i am looking for a train going to cambridge on thursday. can you help me?
no, i need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after 11:30.
i think so. what exactly is the travel time on that one?
i'm also looking for a particular hotel. the name is leverton house.
please. i'd like a room for myself, i'll be checking in on thursday and would like to stay for two days.
okay, try for one night instead please.
no, you have been a great help. thank you and goodbye!
i am looking for cinemas in the east
no. is there a park?
just the entrance fee, thank you.
yes, i want to find out about da vinci pizzeria please.
yes, please, a table for 8 on thursday. we'd like to dine at 12:45.
i also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please.
thank you very much.
that is all i need today. thank you for your help!
can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range?
i don't need internet. are any of them 3 stars?
if that's all that is available that's fine, i need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting thursday, please book one for me
no that is all i need. thanks for your help.
thank you! have a great day!
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
what type of food do each of them serve?
yes, what is the address and phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton?
what type of food do they serve?
thank you goodbye.
goodbye again.
i need help finding a hotel, please.
i need a hote on the north with free wifi.
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel.
no star preference but it should also have free parking.
yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you
i would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.
yes a 3 star rating at least
no but i would like to find a train for sunday going to liverpool street from cambridge, leaving after 20:30.
first, may i have the postcode and address of the hamilton lodge, please? then, i would like the train booked.
yes lets finish booking the train. i need to book for 4 people.
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i will be traveling to cambridge and i'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions.
i would like to visit a museum. what do you suggest?
not in particular. please recommend one and provide the area and entrance free.
thanks! i would also like to find an expensive hotel.
the area is flexible. but i am looking for something with a 3-star rating that offers free wifi.
sure. i need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting thursday.
i'd like a taxi please. it should pick me up at 15:30 from the byard art and drop me off at the hotel.
thats it, thanks so much!
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.
italian sounds good. may i please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?
could you also help me find a place to stay?
price isn't important. i need free parking and wifi. it also should be a 3 star hotel. can you find one in the same area as pizza hut?
yes i would like to book a room.
actually the wife just told me she already booked. i just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. need to leave by 02:15
thank you for all your help.
please locate me a guesthouse with 4 star rating in cambridge.
i am not particular about area but i need it to include free parking.
no, as long as it has the amenities and stars that i asked for.
i think i like it, please book me room for two people for three nights and get me confirmation number.
oppss sorry, i thought i had given it to you. we'll be checking in on monday
i also need a restaurant reservation.
i need something moderately priced in the centre. what would you recommend?
i am open to suggestions. i need a booking for 1 at 12:30 on monday. can i get a reference number?
that is it for today. have a nice day
i am looking for info about a hotel called city centre north b and b. can you help?
no thanks. no need to book today. can i get the price range for them though?
ok, i am also looking for a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
i'll be leaving monday after 15:30.
yes i would like to book the train for 4 people and i'll need the reference number please.
that's all i need. thank you.
thanks again for the help. good bye.
can i get a cantonese restaurant?
how about chinese?
i would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
thank you goodbye.
could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
it's for my friend's birthday and he really likes thai food.
since i like chinese food, could you see if any restaurants serve both thai and chinese food?
lets go with chinese food. he likes chinese just as much. can you recommend one in the centre?
sounds good. please make a reservation for 3 next wednesday at 14:15. i would like a reference number.
that is fine. thank you.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
i don't have any preference.
do you have a phone number for them?
have a good evening.
good afternoon, i am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house
can you see if any of them offer free parking?
honestly, any price range will do. can you suggest one for me and help me with booking a room?
i would consider both. i need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on thursday. can either of them offer that?
i really need to stay during that time frame. would you mind checking again?
no, that will be all. thanks!
i'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
i would like a moderately priced hotel. preferably a guesthouse.
that doesn't matter. can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? we'll arrive on friday and stay for 3 nights.
yes i also need to find a train going to bishops stortford.
yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on sunday from cambridge.
yeah, get me 4 tickets please and then tell me the reference number
i am all taken care of now. thank you! see ya!
i am looking for a british restaurant please.
i would like it to be in the west and be expensive.
that sounds good. what is the postal code there?
no, i can book it later, thanks. can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge on wednesday?
my destination is stansted airport.
i need to leave after 15:45.
no need to book it. but, can i get the travel time and what time it will get me to the airport?
that is all, thank you very much.
can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves british food?
yes, actually. is there one that is expensive?
what are their names? i need to choose one i can book a table at.
the cambridge chop house sounds good. could you book it for 5 people at 19:45 on monday?
yes, can you try the same for 18:45 instead?
thank you and goodbye
i'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.
are any in the north?
ok, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on tuesday, and we need to stay for 3 nights.
i am also looking for an attraction called the cherry hinton village centre. do you have any information about this place?
great, can i also have the postcode and phone number?
thank you, i am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. i will be leaving the attraction around 12:45.
awesome. thanks so much for your help today!
could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side?
it really needs to be in the south and have a 5 star rating. it can be a hotel or guesthouse though.
yeah, that would be fine.
do either of them have internet? i'll also take the address for both.
thanks for the information!
that should be all, thank you.
hello, i'm coming to cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and i need a train. i need to leave on tuesday and arrive by 16:45.
i'm departing from london kings cross.
could you give me the price of the ticket?
could i get the train id and time i would leave in case i want to book later.
thanks, and what time does that train depart?
i need a place to dine on the west side. could you give recommend an indian restaurant, please?
that sounds great! can i get the postcode?
no thanks. i'll take it from here.
thank you for your help.
i'm looking for the lensfield hotel. can you help me find it?
no thank you. could you give me the postcode and tell me if they have free parking?
no, that's all i needed. thanks! bye!
i'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.
no, but are there any theatres in the center of town?
yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the mumford theatre?
could you help me find a good 4 star hotel?
yes, can you book it for three people for one night?
actually, could you make sure it offers free parking? i will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on tuesday if there is free parking.
can you try 3 nights?
can you also set up a taxi to take me from mumford theatre to the hotel. i want to leave the theatre by 05:00.
hi there. i would like to find a train leaving cambridge.
i am going to peterborough and it should arrive by 17:00 on tuesday.
yes please, i need to book it for 6 people.
thank you i also need help with a hotel. i am looking for a 4 star hotel. what you got?
i would prefer the cheaper one, please. what's it called?
they sound like just what i need. could you verify whether they have free parking, and give me their address?
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range, the place should have free parking.
yes, please for 6 people starting tuesday night.
i'm sorry, i changed my mind. i don't need a room booked. i just need their address.
no thanks. that is all i needed.
yes, i'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay at, can you help me?
yes, i would like to stay in the city centre. also, i would need free parking.
are both hotels or are they guest houses?
yes. i would like to stay at university arms for 2 people, for 2 nights, starting from friday.
that's too bad. would you be able to find me a different hotel in the same price range?
thats disappointing,thank you andgoodbye.
that is all. thank you.
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north.
any listings for a guesthouse?
i would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
thank you for booking it,that is all i need.
can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking?
are either in the moderate price range?
can you give me the postcode and star rating for lovell lodge and tell me if they have wifi?
thank you so much! i appreciate your help today.
thats all thank you !
thanks again for your help. have a great day.
yes, i am looking for a place to eat. can you help me?
let's find me a place that serves expensive european food.
can i have their address and phone number?
i'm also looking to book some train tickets for thursday. i need to leave cambridge and arrive in leicaster by 09:15.
i will need tickets for 2 people.
yay, thank you!
thank you for your help.
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food
sounds great. i need a reservation for 1 on wednesday at 15:30
i will also need a train
wednesday and i want to get there by 08:00 leaving broxbourne, how much is that?
yes i need it to go to cambridge, is that possible?
no, i don't need it booked. what's the price for the tr0788?
no that is it, thank you!
have a great day. good bye.
i am looking for a place to stay in the cheap price range.
i do need both free parking and free wifi please.
is there anything available in the north?
great. please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
let's go with city centre.
can you also help me find a train to get me to leicester on wednesday?
not decided on the train yet, still have to consult the group, what is the price?
thanks. i don't want to book the train yet, so i think i am all set.
i'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by 11:45
yes, i am going to ely.
i would like to leave on friday.
i need to arrive by 11:45.
i would like a ticket for 8 people.
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking. the hotel should have a star of 4.
price doesn't matter. i need a reservation for 8 people, 3 nights starting tuesday. if that day fails, the sunday and the reference number.
yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting tuesday!
that is all i need.
hello! i'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the centre.
hmm, okay, i guess i could settle for italian. are there any of those in the centre of town?
moderate price range is fine. i will need a reservation for 5 people at 14:15 on tuesday.
no, you were very helpful, thanks for everything.
i actually could use some help finding a place to stay also.
i like nice places, so definitely something expensive. i do want it to have free wifi though.
i know this sounds crazy, but i'm looking for an expensive hotel with a 0 star rating. the area doesn't matter so much.
how about a 4 star rating. i need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from tuesday and i will need the reference number.
thanks so much! can you please book me a taxi between the two places, arriving at the restaurant by the time of the reservation?
that will be it for now. good day
would i be able to get a train from cambridge to london king's cross?
i need to leave after 21:15 on saturday
yes. please book me 2 tickets and provide me a reference number.
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. i'd like it to have a rating of 4 stars.
no preference on price and it doesn't have to include parking.
that works i think.
yes, i need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting wednesday
i need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 1 night though, and a reference number too please
great, thank you!
have a great day too
i am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
i'd like japanese food, please.
yes please as well as their postcode.
thank you for your help. i appreciate it!
no thank you that will be all for today!
can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?
i was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an expensive price range and include free parking.
well, i preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any hotels with my other specifications staying the same?
yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting thursday, and can i get the reference number?
that's great! i need a train. it should leave after 20:45 from birmingham new street.
yes, i'm going to cambridge and i need to leave on thursday.
yes please. and i need the reference number please.
great, thanks so much
i will need eight tickets please.
thank you so much!
rad that's all i need now
are there any swimming pools that i can go to in cambridge?
no. i would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in.
can you call them for me please? you are supposed to be customer service?
i'm looking for a place to stay
i am looking for a 4 star hotel in the centre. internet is not necessary but i will accept one that has it.
that sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
thanks! that is all i need.
i am looking for information in cambridge
actually i need a train to cambridge from kings lynn on saturday after 17:00.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?
thank you. i am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town.
price doesn't matter but i need it to be a hotel.
yes, please. i will also need the reference number.
it will be 3 people and 3 nights
that same day that the train is.
that is all i need today. thank you for all your help!
i am looking for train from london kings cross and should leave after 21:30.
i would be leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.
yes, please. can i have the train id and total travel time, as well?
thanks. can you also help with a guesthouse to stay out? i prefer in the east.
doesn't matter, do any have a 4 star rating?
sure free parking is fine, let me know if they do or don't. please also give me a phone number, internet doesn't matter.
no. i don't need a reservation now. thank you very much for all your help.
nope, that'll do it, thanks for your time!
could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food? i'll need the address, phone number and postcode. thank you.
i don't care. please give me address, phone number, and postcode.
thank you good bye
can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?
what one would you recommend and the entrance fee?
that sounds great! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. i want one with free wifi.
is it cheap and in the same area?
yes, that sounds good. please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.
why don't we try booking only 1 night?
no, i'd rather another hotel if possible.
that sounds good. please book for 2 pepole and 3 nights starting on sunday. please provide a reference number.
how about 1 night?
i need a good place to go in the centre
nothing in particular. any recommendations?
i also need a moderate priced place to stay.
any area is fine are there any with a 3 star rating? i don't need free parking or internet.
yes, please coming in on monday for 5 nights for 3 people.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
that will be all, thanks!
hi, i'm looking to book a train to cambridge. i need it to arrive by 14:15.
i will be departing from cambridge.
i am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday. please reserve 3 seats and provide the reference number, thank you!
also looking for an italian restaurant in the west.
yes, let's go with la margerita. i don't need reservations, thank you.
can we book that place for, say, same number of people at 10:00 on the same day, please.
that is all. thanks so much!
is there any train to stevenage that leaves after 15:45?
i will be travelling from cambridge on saturday,
what time will it arrive?
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre if you don't mind.
i'd like a modern european restaurant.
yes, please. 8 people at 12:00 on saturday.
no that's all for today, thank you.
i hope so. can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the west side?
great! can you book for 3 nights for me please?
no, i need a room for two, for 5 nights starting on tuesday.
i also need a train for the same day.
i will to cambridge from broxbourne.
i need to leave after 16:30 please.
how long is the travel time, please?
what is the travel time?
no. i don't need to book. i am all set.
thanks for the information. that is all i needed
hi, i am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.
i would like a moderate price hotel in cambridge.
i'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.
either one is fine. i need to book it for 5 nights on wednesday. there are 4 people.
let me know when your break is over. i'll need a reference number please.
i also need info on a train. it should arrive in london liverpool street by 16:30.
i will be departing cambridge on friday.
yes, please book it for me.
i need 4 tickets, and the price and train id
that is all, thanks.
hi i need to book a guesthouse with free wifi in cambridge please
i would like one in the moderate price range.
anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 5 nights beginning on monday next week. can you give me a confirmation number as well, please?
yes. i need it for three for five nights starting from monday on.
i'm also looking for an attraction to go to in the centre. do you have any recommendations?
excellent. what's the postcode?
that is everything, you were so helpful.
can you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
i'd like free wifi included please.
yes. please book for 8 people for 4 nights starting thursday.
yes, i need the reference number.
ok ... can i have that reference number, please?
are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?
does either one have a star of 4?
do they have internet and if so what is the address there?
thanks. i'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?
um, sunday but after 11:15
3 people, please. and if i can also get the reference number.
yes, thank you for your help!
hello, i'd like some information on a restaurant today.
i'm looking for an expensive polynesian place.
yes, can you look for chinese food please?
i'd really like something in the centre, do you have polynesian or chinese in the centre?
that sounds interesting. could you give me the address, phone number and postcode?
i also need a train. it should leave london liverpool street after 12:45 on wednesday. i am going to cambridge.
yes, that would be great. thank you.
just for myself.
you know what, i'm so sorry i actually did not need a booking at all. i just wanted to know the travel time, arrival time, and price. sorry.
no. that actually takes care of everything. thanks. goodbye.
i'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. parking is optional.
does it have a 3 star rating? i'm also needing free wifi on this trip. thanks for helping me.
does it have free parking ?
i need a hotel that has free parking
any type that you have available.
can i have the price range and phone number?
also i need to find an expensive chinese restaurant book the table for 3 at 16:45 on tuesday
i need that in the north please.
yes could you please make those reservations?
there are 3 people in the group.
it will be for 16:45 on tuesday.
yes, please. i need a taxi.
i need to go between the hotel and the restaurant. arriving by the booked time, please.
thank you so much. that is all i need today.
thank you, same to you.
i need hotel tips, can you help?
no, price doesn't really matter. i do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.
could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room.
um really? there is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of cambridge? i have a hard time believing that.
are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?
what about with wifi and no parking?
i don't have a price in mind. as long as it has free wifi and parking, i just need the name, area, and type please
i am looking for the saint catharine's college
i need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. i want to leave the college by 07:30.
that is everything. thank you for your help.
can i get information on places to stay in the north that have free internet?
i don't have a preference. i will need parking too.
getme its price range, phone number and hotel type
do you have any restaurants near there with chinese food?
i would like somewhere moderately priced.
yes please. can you book a for a table of 5 at 17:30 on monday?
no. i am all set thank you.
i am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on wednesday. i want the reference number
yes i am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.
does it have free parking?
yes, please. can you book me for wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please?
could i please get the reference number?
thanks so much, now i need a taxi to get us there on time.
that will be all for today. thanks so much. goodbye
i am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. the place should have 0 stars.
is there one with free wifi and free parking?
i just need the phone number, postcode, and address, please.
thanks! are there any swimming pools located in the south of town?
what types of nightclubs are there in that area?
yes, may i have their postcode please?
thank you. can you schedule a taxi pickup from el shaddai to the nightclub. i want to leave the room by 12:30.
no thank you that is all i needed today.
hi, i'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of cambridge that serves crossover food please?
can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?
asian oriental sounds yummy, what are my choices?
that would be fine. can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on thursday.
i would also like to get a place to stay.
i would like a hotel that is in the moderate price range and needs to have 0 stars. it needs to be near the hotel.
no booking necessary, just need one more thing, a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant and to get there by the reservation time
that will be it, thanks.
i am looking for college attractions to go to in town.
that sounds good. may i have their postcode and phone number?
great! i'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north area of town. can you help me with that?
yes, please - table for 4 at 13:45 on tuesday
thank you!
that is all i need. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.
i need a restaurant located in the centre please.
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on monday.
yes, i'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.
i'm sorry, no, i'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.
okay, what about a college?
no, it doesn't matter.
sure, can i have their phone number please?
i need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places. can you book one for me so i arrive on time?
no, that's all the information i need. thank you.
i am good to go. thanks!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi,
area of town close to public transportation
i'm not picky. it needs to have free parking, though.
oh, i'm sorry, i also want to make sure it's got a 4 star rating, at least. could you confirm that for me please?
yes, can you search for a 5 star please?
well, i'm not sure what i should so. i guess i should go with the two star place.
do you have any 4 star guesthouses available instead?
yes, but only if they offer free parking. and free wifi. do they?
thank you, could i get the postal code to this hotel, please?
that is all i need for the time being. thank you so much for the help.
i am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while i am seeing attractions in cambridge?
i'm starving and will only be satisfied with some spanish food, please!
i would like to try the moderately priced one please.
yes, please. can i get a table for 3 on tuesday at 19:30?
i'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. any suggestions?
i would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please
thank you. can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to la tasca in time for my dinner reservation?
what is the contact number for the taxi?
that is all i need, thank you, goodbye!
hi, i'm looking for a train going to ely from cambridge.
i need to leave on wednesday after 12:00 please.
that sounds great. i would like to book it for 7 people. i will also need the reference number
thank you i also need to find a cheap guesthouse to stay at. can you help me find one?
the location doesn't matter, but i'd like it to be 4 stars.
sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday?
thats all for today! thanks so much!
i would look time find a museum in town.
any part is fine, what ever you recommend. i need the phone number, address, and postcode please.
um, yes i suppose so.
i am also looking for a cheap place to dine in the west part of town please.
i think we got our lines crossed somewhere. i'd like a cheap panasian restaurant in the west.
that stinks because i'm really craving panasian food. but okay, can you see if there are any italian places in that area?
i would like it to be cheap. does one of them meet that requirement.
i need to book a table for 2 people at 19:15 for sunday.
nope you did everything i needed. i appreciate you more then you think!
hello, i'm looking for a train to ely. i need to leave on saturday.
i do no want to leave ely. i want to go to ely. i am leaving from cambidge.
i don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by 11:00.
that works perfectly. i am also looking for a cheap place to stay. can you help me with this?
i'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the north area.
is it in the moderate price range?
yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on thursday.
that is all i need. thank you.
can you help me find a place to stay in the east with free parking?
if it is in the east part of town, and has free parking, then that sounds great, thank you!
no thank you, i'm just looking for information today. i have everything i need now.
no thats enough for today. thanks
i am looking for some info on rice house restaurant.
yes, i'd like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on thursday.
i was hoping to eat for longer than that. any chance you could book it for at least one hour?
ok thank you very much for your help.
how much does it cost to take the bus in cambridge?
i will be traveling to london.
i am also looking for a hotel in the west side of cambridge. can you help me?
i want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. if no internet, what about free wifi?
are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? with or without internet?
no price preference, whatever you recommend.
yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from monday.
i also need to book passage on a train on friday, from cambridge to birmingham new street.
it needs to leave sometime after 15:45, and i'll need 7 tickets.
nope, would just like it to leave after 15:45
that will be all. thanks for your help! bye!
what restaurants are on the east part of town?
expensive
what is the address?
great, thanks for your help. that's all i need.
yes i need to book at hotel.
oh wait. i really want to find a museum.
what do you suggest? i don't know the town, so i don't have any idea where to go.
no, thanks! but will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town?
an expensive british restaurant, what would be one you would recommend?
sounds nice, i will book for 2 people at 14:30 on wednesday.
no thank you.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant by the name of royal standard. do you know where it is?
great. could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on saturday?
no, that is all i needed, thank you so much. bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food.
how about vietnamese food?
could i have the address and phone number please?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
what is the price range ?
thank you, goodbye.
can you tell me if warkworth house hotel has wifi.
do they have free parking, and what is their phone number?
no, that's all i need, thank you.
hi, i am looking for a restaurant called yu garden.
yes i need a booking for 3 people at 17:30 on sunday. i also need a reference number with that.
i also need to find a hotel in the area. can you help me with that?
i have no preference on location, but something in a moderate price range with free parking. it doesn't need to have internet.
actually, could you check for a hotel that also has free wifi?
yes, same three people for four nights, from the same day, sunday.
i don't really care. where would you book, if you were in my shoes?
let's book that one. please send me the reference number.
thanks, that's what i needed.
no, thank you
thanks, i'm all set. you can end this conversation on your end now!
i would like to find a train going to leicester leaving after 18:30 please.
i am leaving from cambridge on tuesday
that sounds perfect. i will purchase the ticket at the station. thank you!
i'll also be needing a place to stay. can you find me a hotel type place? i don't need free internet.
i don't mind where it is, but it should be 4 stars with free parking.
if there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, hotels usually start skimping on other things when they offer free internet.
the cambridge belfry sounds good as long as it is 4 star with parking. i will need a booking on sunday.
i would like to stay on sunday for 1 person, 2 nights please.
nope, that's all i needed. thanks for your help!
can you help me find a chinese restaurant please?
i would like to be in the centre of town, and if it could be inexpensive, that would be ideal.
do they have a table available for 5 people on wednesday night?
i would like the reservation at 19:30 please.
can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
what about another restaurant in a different area but same price range?
no thank you i need it in that area and pricerange.
i suppose that would be all right.
thank you for all your help today.
need a train leaving monday to bishops stortford.
yes, i'd like to arrive by 15:15. i'm leaving from cambridge as well.
yes, i need the train id, please.
i only need one ticket, please.
yes i am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves italian food please.
pizza hut city centre sounds fine. could you book a table for 7 people there for me?
it'll be for 10:45.
the same day as the train which is monday.
awesome! that will be it for tonight. have a good day. bye.
hello, i am looking for information about trinity college.
no thank you that was all.
i almost forgot, i need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the moderate price range. and can you confirm the attraction type for trinity college please.
is there a restaurant in the center that serves international food but moderately priced?
i'm interested in the varsity restaurant. what is the phone number, postcode and address for this restaurant?
no, thank you. i would like to book a taxi from trinity college to varsity restaurant, though.
i want to leave the attraction by 14:00, so book the taxi for 10:00.
that will be all. thanks for helping me out.
hello! i'm looking for a train that leaves after 10:15 on sunday.
the train should depart from cambridge and should go to peterborough, please.
yes, please make a booking for 1 person.
are you sure there are no trains going from cambridge to peterborough on sunday leaving after 10:15? what about tr1492 that you said?
yes, book that for me and get me a reference number.
thank you. can you also help me find a hotel for my group?
the hotel name i am looking for is named hamilton lodge.
can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from friday, please?
no, you have been a great help already. thanks, and have a nice day. bye.
i am looking for a certain hotel. i think it is called rosa's bed and breakfast
first of all, do they have free parking?
i am also looking for a good attraction in the center part of town.
i am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the north can you help?
then can you find a hotel in the west with a moderate price range that includes free wifi?
how about one that has free parking?
i would prefer the cheap range. can you book for me 8 people for four nights beginning on friday? i will need the reference number.
great, thank you. can you also help me find something fun for me to do while i am in town?
are there any parks around?
i would it to be in the east and could i get a postcode. thanks goodbye
i am hoping to get information about some places to go in the centre of town.
can i get the address please?
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay.
i would like it to be in the moderate price range and include wifi.
do you have anything near my attraction in the centre part of town?
i'm not ready to book. can you tell me the address and type please instead
and what is the type of cityroomz?
thank you so much, that is all i need today. goodbye.
i am looking for information on the kirkwood house.
yes please. what is the price range?
no, that was it. thank you for the help.
i'm looking for milton country park. can you tell me about it?
what kind of attraction is it?
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the centre of town.
is that in the moderate price range?
no thank you but i would like the full address and phone number please.
can you book me a taxi between the two places? i want to get to the attraction by 20:45.
could i please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?
no thank you, that was everything that i needed help with. thank you very much for helping me.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
sorry. i prefer a guesthouse. does the cambridge belfry meet that requirement?
yes, it should be in the cheap price range.
sounds interesting! what area is it in?
do they have internet?
wait, first let me know: do they have internet access?
i don't need a booking yet. i do need the postcode, though.
could you also please tell me the area that is in?
no, i think that's all i need. thank you for your help today.
i am looking for information about city stop restaurant?
i would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45. and can i please get a reference number?
alright, thank you very much. that's all i need for now.
i am looking for a train leaving cambridge.
i would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.
departing from cambridge and i want to arrive somewhere around 20:00, can you get me 7 tickets and i'll need the reference number too.
that sounds great, thank you. could you book that for me for 7 people? i will need the reference number as well.
yes , i also need to find a place to stay. preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.
i definitely want to stay in the east part of town.
the price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting tuesday?
how about 1 night?
thank you, you've been quite helpful
i want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. what is the address and phone number?
what is their address and phone number?
i need to find some information in a particular restaurant. are you able to look up a specific place?
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 16:45 on thursday
i also need a thursday train.
depart from ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in cambridge. i need to book it for 2 people i also need a reference number. thanks
nope, i'm all finished for today. thanks so much, goodbye now!
are there any good polish restaurants in the city?
hm, how about we try the centre area for the polish food.
i will try british food
i'd like an expensive, please.
can i get a table for 8 at fitzbillies? thursday at 12:15, please.
i also need a train from peterborough on thursday. i'd like to arrive in cambridge by 09:30.
no, i do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in cambridge by 9:30.
yes, i'll need tickets for my entire party.
yes, that was correct. thanks for all your help. my ride is here. i've got to go. bye.
hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?
yes, the efes restaurant. i'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday. could i also get the reference number?
hi i am also looking for a plane, leaving monday at 6:00.
yes, i would like to go to the airport on monday.
going to stansted airport, from cambridge.
that should be fine. please provide me tickets for the same group of people. i will also need a reference number.
that is everything, thank you for your help.
nope. that's it. thank you.
i need a place to stay with free wifi but i don't need free parking, thank you.
do you have any in the cheap price range?
it doesn't matter as long as it's on the moderate range.
i just need to find one that has room for 3 people to stay 3 nights starting from saturday.
yes, let's go ahead and book with the avalon.
thank you. i am also looking for a place to eat in the centre area and that serves indonesian food.
are there any indonesian restaurants elsewhere?
how about lebanese instead?
yes, book the table for two. also, make it a late dinner?
i need a place to eat in the cheap price range.
let's see what's near the east area, first.
can you book me a table for five people on monday at six fourty five?
can i please have the reference number?
yes. i am looking to visit ely on monday and needing to book a train seat to get there.
i am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range.
yes how about turkish then?
yes i reserve to anatolia restaurant.
i'm sorry. i don't actually need to reserve at this time. i just need the phone number and address if you could provide that.
no. that would be it. thanks a lot. goodbye.
hi, i'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
the hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.
the first one sounds ok to me.
yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
no thank you. that was all i needed.
i'm looking for a restaurant called thanh binh.
yes, i'll have 4 people to dine at 16:30 on thursday.
yes, can you help me book a train there as well?
forget about the train and help me find a theatre to go to while i'm in town
could you give me the post code, area and entrance fee for one of them?
okay. i need a taxi to get to the restaurant by the booked time.
i will be in cambridge and i am looking for a boat
how about in the north?
thanks for the info! i also need a place to stay in the centre of town. i'm looking for something in the expensive price range.
i do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.
no, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the moderate cost range?
no thank you. i would just like the number and postcode for cityroomz.
okay, that's all i need. thanks, bye
i need to book a train friday to london.
i believe i was in error. i need a hotel in the centre with 4 stars.
does it have free wifi?
excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 4 nights on thursday?
great. now can you help me get a train from peterborough?
i'm flexible on the departure time as long as i get to cambridge by 12:30 thursday.
yes, i will discuss it with my daughter. how long does the trip take?
i think that is all the info i will need.
i am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in indonesian food, please.
what about italian food?
yes, may i have the address and phone number please?
thank you, goodbye.
bye.
i need to find a moderately priced vegetarian restaurant.
unfortunately no, it has to be vegetarian, so i will have to make my own accommodations, thanks.
okay, what about international food?
make a reservation at bloomsbury please, for thursday night.
please book for 6 people at 17:00 on thursday. i'd also like the reference number.
i'm also looking for a train. it should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on thursday. arrive by 17:00.
that would be just fine.
i don't need to book, but could you tell me the total travel time, please?
no, i think that should be all for me today. thank you so much, you've been very helpful!
i need a place to stay that is a guesthouse.
i want it in the west, and it should be moderately priced.
yes, please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday. i will need the reference number also.
that would be all thank you very much.
i would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. can you help?
i also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. does university arms fit that criteria?
yes, that sounds great. can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting tuesday please?
i could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?
i am departing from cambridge.
i need information about attractions in the centre.
a nightclub would be nice
sure, can i get the phone number and postcode? also, i'm looking for a restaurant in the same area. i'd prefer british food. can you please help?
thank you! the price range that i would like is expensive.
yes please book one of your recommendation for tuesday at 18:00 for 7 people.
thank you goodbye
i am looking for an attraction to try out in the west part of town, what is available?
you can just choose one for me-i have no preference, i'll just need to know the entrance fee please.
sounds great. thank you! also, can you give me some information on a restaurant called kohinoor?
does reasonably mean cheap?
no, what i meant was is it the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range specifically?
no thanks, kohinoor sounds fine. thanks for the research. goodbye.
i am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.
yes, i am hoping to stay in the centre.
do either of those have a 0 star rating and are in a cheap price range?
hmm, do they have internet?
can i have the postcode for that one please?
i'm not sure if i'm ready to book, but i'd like to also find a train if i can please.
i'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to stevenage.
i need it to leave after 08:30.
that sounds perfect. can you make a booking for me for 6?
okay, thanks a lot.
no, that will be all. thanks for all of your help!
hello, i would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.
i'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.
yes please. i want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on sunday.
will i be able to stay for 2 nights?
i am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any italian restaurants?
i'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the hotel
it does indeed. can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 12:00 would be the perfect time for lunch!
thanks! is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? it needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.
what is the car type of that taxi?
that's it. thank you very much for the help!
that's all i need, goodbye.
i need a hotel in north cambridge.
is the parking free?
yes, go ahead. i need it for tuesday for 3 people and for 3 nights. could you send me a reference number too?
i told you tuesday can i speak to a manager you are not paying attention.
can you also find an expensive british restaurant for me?
yes, please. can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? we'd like to eat at 20:00, if possible.
perfect, thank you. that's all i needed.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food.
are there any asian oriental restaurants in that price range?
thank you. may i have their phone number?
yes, thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay. do you have any recommendations?
i would like free parking, if available. everything else is not really an issue.
no thanks, just gathering information for now.
i'm sorry, i was just told i should go ahead and make the reservation. do you have a hotel that has the same 4 star rating but in the north?
yes, book it for 6 people for three nights, starting on wednesday!
i need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel. what do you recommend?
is that is the mid price range?
that is all that i need.
hey, i'll be in cambridge and i'm curious about the local restaurants. can you find me a moderately priced one that serves european food?
is that found in the center?
can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? i want to jot this down in case i get lost.
no thanks. i also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking.
i don't have a preference. as long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.
can you find me a moderately priced one?
the bridge guest house sounds fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people.
that is all i need. thank you.
i would like a restaurant in the west part of town.
english food, please.
how about british food?
yes, please. and can you also give me their phone number?
i need the address, too.
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for the price range of a restaurant called rice boat.
no, that is all i needed thanks. bye.
hello, i'm planning my trip to cambridge, and i'm trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. can you help?
perfect. will you please give me the address, area, and phone number?
i also need to know about a restaurant called sala thong.
can you give me the phone number for sala thong?
i also need to know the price range, and area.
nope, that's all i needed, thanks for the help.
i can't wait to get to cambridge and try some of the restaurants i've heard about. can you tell me about one of them? i think the name is little seoul.
yes, please. table for 8 at 15:00 on wednesday.
can we do the same day at 14:00 instead?
great i also need to get a train on thursday leaving from cambridge.
i'd like to arrive in norwich by 13:15 if possible.
thats is great, i need it for 8 people as well, and can i get a reference number as well please?
that's all i need. thank you!
howdy! is the hamilton lodge still open?
yes please. i'd like a room for 5 people on monday for 5 nights.
how about another hotel in the same price range?
yes that will be fine.
nope. i think that is all i need. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for scandinavian food in any area.
yes, could you look for a vietnamese restaurant?
that will work. i would like the address and phone number to the thanh binh restaurant please.
i need the address too please.
that's it. thank you, goodbye
can you help me plan a trip to see a particular attraction?
yes, i am interested in the scott polar museum.
no, i'd like their phone number if you have it available, please.
i also need a restaurant in the cheap price range please.
i love italian
is that in the north?
is there any restaurants located in the north side of town?
yes, please book it for 13:30 on saturday for 8 people.
that is all, thank you for your help.
i'm looking for boats to look at. can you look in the south?
are there any boats in the park?
thank you. are there any parks in the south?
could i get the entrance fee for wandlebury country park please?
could you help me find a restaurant in that area?
i'd like a moderately priced italian place.
yes, i need to get their phone number and address, please.
thanks, could you also book me a taxi between the two locations please?
i need to leave the park by 16:15.
thank you for all your help. that should be everything today.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm looking to take a train on sunday leaving from kings lynn.
i would like to leave after 11:15.
what is its price?
okay. and what would be the length of travel?
thanks for the train info. i am also interested in visiting attractions in the center of cambridge.
any one would do but i would need the phone number
can we also look at hotels in the same area as the attraction?
actually, i won't be needing a hotel after all. thank you for your help.
no, that is all i need today. again, thank you.
hi there! i'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. can you help me?
can you check if there are any in the east?
no i waill call back thank you and goodbye
could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. a guesthouse is fine also.
sure, that sounds great. can you book me a room for thursday for 4 people, 2 nights please?
i'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. the peking restaurant? can you find it for me?
i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant where is it found? and what is their food type?
what area is the restaurant in?
thank you! that will be all. goodbye!
i'm looking for an italian food restaurant located in the centre
thank you! i am looking for a cheap restaurant.
yes, please. it needs to be for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.
well, i also need a place to stay. i prefer a guesthouse with a 2 star rating.
yes you can the hotel should be in the same area as the restaurant
okay thank you. please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.
thank you. what is the address?
i need a cab to commute, to the hotel by 18:15 and i need the contact # and car type too please
actually i will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 18:15 restaurant booking. how silly of me to tell you that i was leaving the restaurant.
that is all i need today thank you.
i need to find a place that serves european food to eat at.
in the centre, sorry didn't i mention that?
i need one in the expensive range.
wine shop sound good. could i have their address and postcode please?
thank you so much. can you help me book a train too?
i'd like to depart cambridge on sunday sometime after 9:45.
i'll be heading to stevenage.
that sounds perfect! can you book me 6 tickets for that train please?
i appreciate all your help. goodbye.
can you help me find a place to eat?
i'm looking for an expensive indiian restaurant in the west part of town.
that sounds great. i need a table for 1 on wednesday at 19:45.
okay i also need a train that leaves on thursday.
i need to get to london liverpool street by 09:00.
yes for 1 person. i'll also need the reference number.
that will be all. thank you for your help!
can you help me find a train to cambridge?
i need to leave kings lynn on tuesday after 15:15.
no, as long as it's after 15:15. what times are available?
the 16:11 train would be fine. i'll need the booking for four people. can i also have the reference number please?
i also need reservations for thanh binh.
i want to reserve a table for tuesday for 4 people at 20:45.
thank you, that's all i needed for today.
please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.
i will be traveling on thursday.
i would love to leave after 12:15 please.
okay, do you have any other suggestions?
i also need a place to stay in the north area.
it don't matter as long as it is cheap. i need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday
no, that's all i need for right now. thanks for the assistance!
i'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.
i would prefer it in the south please.
do they have free parking and free wifi?
ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on saturday?
what places are there to go in town? what about museums?
i am looking for a place called abbey pool? is there one in cambridge?
could you provide me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?
yes, i also need a hotel on the west side.
i definitely want a 4-star place with free parking. which of those meets that criteria?
i think the huntingdon marriot hotel. could i get the passcode?
yes, one more thing. i will need a taxi to pick me up from the abbey pool and astroturf pitch at 20:00 and take me to the hotel.
no, that is everything. thank you for your assistance!
could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
can you tell me a little bit about the acorn first?
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?
i will take a cheaper one please.
yes, i would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?
i am also looking for a train to cambridge from stansted airport on thursday. i would need to arrive by 14:00.
yes, that's wonderful! i need 5 tickets please.
great that's all i needed today thank you.
i am looking for a place to dine in cambridge.
well, i like mexican food, and will be staying in the south part of town.
yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on wednesday at 17:15? can you send me the reference number for the reservation?
can you also help me find a hotel in the same area of town?
no, i'm looking for a hotel. it should be the same price range as the restaurant.
yes please for 2 nights for 7 people for wednesday.
i need the reference number?
no that's everything i needed, thank you!
i'm interested in getting some entertainment later.
awesome. can you give me some information on local theatres?
can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the south? i also need a restaurant that is moderately priced in the centre.
thank you. can you help me find a moderately-priced latin american restaurant in the centre?
actually, let's try another kind of food. how about spanish?
no but i would like the phone number.
that is all, thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food and is in the expensive price range.
what is the address and phone number ?
thank you good bye.
no further assistance needed. goodbye.
can i request a taxi from my hotel to the city center chinese restaurant?
erm, nevermind, i need a nightclub in the centre of town.
yes, please. i need the address and postcode of the one you recommend.
yes, i would also like to book a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant.
i would love a reservation for sunday for 2 people at 18:00.
thank you so much, you've been very helpful.
i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food
moderate is fine, can you give me the address and postcode?
thank you. good bye.
hello. i'd like a train to ely please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday. i would like to leave after 21:00.
no i don't have a specific time to arrive.
no thank you but i do need the arrival time and train id.
can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?
i would like the expensive choice please. i need their information.
does it have internet and free parking?
no thanks, i just need their postcode, please.
no that will be all thank you.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant
i am not looking for a specific food type but i would like it to be in centre please.
what type of food is that?
sounds good. i am also looking for a place to stay in the east. can you help me find something?
im looking for the expensive price range
no, i'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi?
actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?
no, i need a hotel please.
how about one that has free parking?
you mentioned earlier about the autumn house being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. i guess i can do a guesthouse. let's book there please for friday.
there will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting friday please.
i will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:00. i will need the car type and contact number.
i am going to the restaurant
thank you for the booking of my taxi. that is all for now.
can you help me find a place to stay? it should be cheap.
i would like a recommendation for a cozy bed and breakfast.
a cheap one. i don't have a lot of money. one with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting friday please.
try another type.
i would like to stay on the east side.
that will be fine. can you book the allenbell for my stay?
i'll need that reference number, please.
wow, i'm certainly glad i asked for the reference number! yes, please do try another in the same price range.
awesome, thank you for your assistance. bye!
i need a restaurant of moderate price in the west.
i would like to eat british food please.
no thanks. can i get the address with postcode please?
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i would like a cheap mexican restaurant, please.
i don't care
is there any cheap vietnamese locations?
may i get the phone number of thank binh, please?
no, i believe that it's. thanks for your help.
i need a place to dine that is expensive in the centre.
expensive, please. british food.
yes i would love that. i need to make the reservation for 8 people for 16:15 on thursday.
thanks for handling the restaurant. i will have time to check out the town. do you have multiple sports in the same area as the restaurant?
why don't you try looking for a college in that area instead please
okay, that sounds nice. can you give me their phone number and tell me their entrance fee?
no, that's all i needed. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for mid range spanish restaurants, can you help me?
sure. that sounds like a nice place. go ahead and book that for me.
i need a table for 6 people sunday night at 17:00.
can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please?
any in the same area, and price range please.
okay, again for 6 people sunday at 17:00.
ok, that's all i need today, thank you!
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive european food.
any of those should be fine. can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at 14:45 on saturday?
i would like for you to find me one on saturday after 12:00. can you please book me for one with that time in mind?
are there any times which are available on saturday?
i would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at 13:45 on saturday. can i please have a reference number?
i'm looking for a train from leicester to cambridge leaving on saturday and arriving by 10:00. i need the train id, travel time, and departure time for that train.
yes please and thank you
i only need one ticket for myself.
thank you so much. that is all i needed.
hello, i am looking for a hotel in the north part of town. the hotel needs to include free parking.
that sounds great! can you tell me more about it?
yes, please book for 4 nights starting wednesday. there will be 8 of us.
that should do it! thank you!
yes i am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.
hmm. i feel like discovering something new. which restaurant would you recommend?
that sounds great. could you book a table for one at 11:15 on friday?
yes, or any in the same expensive range and the centre area.
yes one in the same area and price range please.
great! thank you so much for your help.
no thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for a british restaurant in the centre of town.
that one sounds great! thanks for the info.
yes, can you book me a table at the copper kettle on tuesday at 19:15 for 2 people?
yes, i am also looking for places to go in town. a attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
yes, are there any architecture attractions?
which one is closest to the copper kettle?
could i get the phone number, please?
yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from cambridge?
i want to travel on saturday from cambridge to kings lynn.
i would like to leave after 14:30. could you find me a train for that time?
ok, could you book me 7 tickets for the tr6982?
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse while i'm there. i'd like a place that has free parking.
no. what is available?
not at the moment. can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate 7 people?
not particularly. i just need one for 5 nights starting monday. whichever you recommend.
can you book it for 3 nights?
i do not need anymore help. thank you for your help.
i need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?
i'd like a hotel named warkworth house, and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on saturday.
8 people, for 3 nights.
does saturday work?
could you give me information on cambridge and county folk museum?
thank you. i'd also like to get a taxi between these two places.
we want to leave the hotel by 24:15. what is the contact number and car type?
thank you, that's all i need today.
can you give me information on hotels in the centre?
not interested in the price, but i would like it to be a 4-star hotel.
i'm sorry. i needed a hotel, not a guesthouse.
yes please. i need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on friday.
great, can you also find me a japanese food restaurant in the expensive price range?
yes. can you please book a table for one at 12:45 on friday?
thanks so so much! that's all now, bye!
i would like an expensive room, in the east.
does it have free parking? and is it a 2 star hotel? because that is what i'm looking for.
please. could you please book it for 1 person starting thursday for 4 nights
yes, are there any other hotels in the same price range?
i need a train from cambridge on sunday.
i am thinking the morning would be better for me.
i'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to peterborough.
yes please make a booking for 4 people.
just need the four tickets.
i also need information on a hotel called hobsons house.
i am looking for some italian food today.
are any located in the centre?
i'd love a recommendation. i'm looking to book a table for 4 at 17:30 on saturday.
thanks. can you help me with a cheap place to stay also in the centre of town?
yes, but the place will also need to have 4 stars and free parking.
really? can you try again? a 4 star accommodation (type doesnt matter) that is cheap and in the centre with parking
okay. i'll need that booked for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday. please send a reference number.
thank you, but that is all i need for now.
i will be visiting cambridge soon and can't wait to see some of your local attractions. i do need your help with some information.
i need a 4 star room in the centre please.
a hotel in the moderate price range. thank you!
how about in the cheap price range?
nevermind. do you have info on gallery at twelve a high street.
thank you very much for your help, have a nice day.
i need to find where whale of a time is located in cambridge.
okay, could i get the postcode for whale of a time, please?
i also need a hotel.
yes in the centre please and 4 star.
can i book university arms for 5 nights starting sunday for 3 people?
yes. i also need a taxi leaving whale of time at 17:45.
i need to go to the university arms
that's all i need at this time, thanks for your help!
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.
if it helps, i do not have to have internet. please tell me my options.
yes, that would be fine. thanks.
yes, please, for 5 people on saturday.
5 nights, and i will also need the reference number.
i also need a train to peterborough.
i'm leaving cambridge on thursday and need to be in peterborough by 21:45.
that's good. could you please tell me the price and departure time?
no, thanks for your help though!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town, can you provide me with a list of my options?
may i have the postcode to kymmoy please?
that's all that i needed thank you!
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. any kind of food is good with me; i would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find.
can you tell me what type of food they serve?
thank you, goodbye.
hello, are you familiar with warkworth house?
can you book it for me? wednesday, 5 nights, 6 people. reference number please.
can you find a train that departs from cambridge after 15:30?
i am leaving on monday and going to leicester.
yes, thank you. that's all for me. bye!
i'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food.
yes, please. i need a table for 8 on thursday at 16:30.
terrific. i am also looking for a train to cambridge. can you help me with that?
thursday and i'll be leaving from birmingham new street.
yes i need a booking for 8 people please.
that's all i needed thanks!
no that is all. cheers, bye.
i would like a cheap spanish restaurant.
yes please
thank you goodbye.
can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at pizza express fen ditton please
what is the price range of pizza express?
what is the food type at pizza express?
okay, thank you.
no, thank you!
hi there. i'm looking for a particular hotel called the a and b guest house.
i need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on saturday.
ok, thank you! i am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after 10:15, could you help me with that?
from cambridge to kings lynn please.
i would like 2 tickets please.
thank you. that will be everything i need today.
i'm looking for a museum.
how about a science museum?
that sounds cool, i will just need the area it's in and the postcode. oh, and how much is the cost to get in?
yes i am looking for an expensive korean restaurant in the city center.
yes please. i need a table for 2 on wednesday at 11:15.
how about 10:15?
that will be all. thank you.
can you help me find a 3-star hotel in the north of cambridge?
i want a hotel that's in the moderate price range.
as long as it is a hotel and not any other type, then yes book it for me.
great can you book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting thursday?
yes. i also need to find a restaurant that serves chinese food.
i would like it also to be in the north and moderately priced.
yes, please book this.
i don't need it booked. i just require the phone number. thank you.
that is everything i needed for today. thanks!
i'm craving indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please
oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the west.
yes, i want to book for 3 people at 16:30 on friday
yes thank you. please give me the reference number for the restaurant.
i also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on saturday after 19:45
no, please just give me the travel time, price, and train id. thanks
how about all three?
let's go with the one that arrives at 22:10. i'll need the train id, price and travel time, please?
that is all i needed today, thank you.
hello, i am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre
do they both include free parking?
how about internet? can i get wifi for free?
thank you, that's all. goodbye.
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food.
how about international type of food ?
do you know of any places in the south that serve italian food?
sure, lets go with frankie and bennys.
i need a table for eight at 15:30 on sunday.
can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?
no, but the address would be nice.
great, thank you. could you help with booking a taxi?
i'd like a taxi from junction theatre to our restaurant. please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations.
i think that's all i need for today. thank you so much for all your help.
i'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the centre of the city.
can you recommend one? i'd like the entrance fee and the phone number, please.
i am also looking for a place to stay in the north? can you tell me some hotels in the north?
what is the cost per night?
if there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the moderately priced hotels will be fine.
i need a hotel, so i will go with ashley hotel if it is in the moderate price range. i need to book for 5 nights.
i will have 4 people. i want 5 nights starting from sunday please.
how about 2 nights instead?
okay, i think that's all i need. thanks for your help!
yes indeed. bye now.
cambridge has a college that is in the centre. i would like to know more
no, but can you tell me the address for the best one to visit?
thanks. could you also help me find a place to eat?
i would like gastropub food.
is that in the moderate price range?
sure, that works. what is the area, postcode and phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar?
thanks so much!
no that was all i needed. thank you so much.
can you help me find a guesthouse in the north to stay at?
can you run a search for moderately priced guesthouses please?
it doesn't really matter. book it for 6 for 3 nights on sunday, and i'll need the reference number too please
i would love it more if i wasn't starving. can you point me in the direction of a good chinese restaurant near my hotel?
yes, i do. the moderately priced restaurant, please.
not for now but i do need their address, postcode and phone number.
thanks very much for your help today.
thanks for everything goodbye.
i need a restaurant that serves indian food in the moderate price range
i would like the one in the west.
yes. i would like a reservation for 1 person at 13:15 on thursday.
i would like to go to a nice nightclub
okay, what is the address and entrance fee for it?
i am also going to need a taxi that goes from ballare to meghan and gets me to meghan by 13:15 for my reservation.
no thank you, that is everything that i need.
i need a hotel that is 4 stars on the east side of town.
i don't care about the price range, but i would like free parking.
would any of the ones you mention have a 4-star rating as well as free parking?
yes i would like to book for 2 people for 5 nights starting monday. i will also need the reference number.
yes, i also need something to do in the east part of town as well please.
no, not really just get me the address to something good.
sure. i just need the address to a place to go that is in the same area as my hotel.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i am starving!
indian food in the centre, please.
i don't have a price range in mind. can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria?
that sounds great. can you just give me the postcode?
one more thing, what's the price range?
wonderful. that's all i need!
i would like to book a room at the worth house.
1 person for 3 nights, please. i'll arrive on tuesday.
thanks, that is all i need.
i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the south,
not really. what would you recommend?
i don't need a reservation yet. may i have taj tandoori's address, postcode, and phone number, please?
yes! can you help book train tickets?
i'm going to be headed to cambridge from birmingham new street on monday.
i's like to depart after 16:15. i just need information, not a booking.
i need the train id.
what time will it arrive?
i'm not good at maths so please give me the total travel time too.
that is all i need.
thank you so much. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea.
no thanks. instead, could you tell me where to get thai food?
the one in the centre is fine, i would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please.
can you make sure that's an expensive restaurant?
great can i reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on friday please?
thank you very much. that is all i'll need today!
i'm looking for an attraction in the west.
i think a museum sounds good.
i suppose i could visit the one that cost. could i get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?
actually, i'm looking for an expensive place to eat after i visit the museum. i'm hoping for latin american food.
how about indian food.
okay, please book for tuesday at 13:15. it'll be 5 of us dining. i'll need the reference number
i will also need to book a taxi.
thank you. what kind of car will they be driving?
do you have their contact number?
ok, i guess that is all. thanks a lot!
i need to stay in the north, 0 stars.
actually i would prefer a moderate hotel.
i'm sorry, i misspoke a moment ago. i need a hotel in the cheap range if you can find one.
yes, please. i need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning friday.
yes please find another hotel.
thank you for your help, that is everything that i need.
are there any good restaurants to go to near the college?
no. actually, just find me an attraction in the category of college.
i would like the something in the centre.
yes can you please send me that.
great. i would also like to find a polynesian restaurant in the centre area.
is there any restaurant with european food instead?
i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food and located in the south part of town.
what is the address, phone number, and postcode?
nope, that's all i need, thank you very much!
i'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.
yes, actually i prefer to stay in the south part of town. and i would love something that offers free wifi.
yes, could you make a reservation for 8 people, please?
i'd like to stay on wednesday, thursday, and friday, please. is that available?
yes, are there any kind of boat tours available through town?
in the centre of town, if possible.
sure but i also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 6:45.
to my hotel.
great, thank you!
that's all i need. thanks
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.
moderate price range, please.
perfect! can you please book a table for 3 people at galleria for me on monday at 16:30?
let's try for 15:30 and can i get a reference number please?
great! i also need a guesthouse with free wifi. something moderately priced, and i don't care about parking.
i don't have any preference. could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on monday?
instead of 3 nights how about two nights?
certainly. two nights, three people, and i'll need that room starting monday.
i don't. thanks so much.
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves australasian food.
i'd like to find some mediterranean food and need to know their address and phone number.
thank you!
i would like to find a restaurant that serves turkish food in the centre please.
i'd like someplace expensive, please.
i need a table for five at 18:30 on friday, and i need the reference number too.
yes, i need a train to kings lynn on saturday.
how about 15:00?
it should leave after 9:45.
yes i would like you to book that.
i would need 5 tickets. can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? thanks.
that should be all, thank you.
i'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.
as long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter. can you recommend one? i do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.
how about a 4 star rating instead?
that might just work out. can i have their phone number please?
yes please. i would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.
i would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. i want to depart from cambridge.
yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.
no, i think that's it, thank you so much!
i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food.
oh, okay. well, i guess i would like to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. is there such a place available?
no, i do not.
sure please, i need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on saturday
no, that would be it. thanks. have a nice day.
i need to find a train that leaves after 13:00 on saturday
i'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne
what time is the next one after that? that is cutting it close and i don't want to miss it.
book for me that for one person
can you get me the reference number too?
i am also looking for a mid ranged priced indian place to dine.
i want to eat in the east please
please do. i'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at 10:45. and give me the reference number too.
thank you for your time.
that is all today, thank you.
see if you can find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport please
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on friday anytime after 18:30
yes, please book me a ticket on the 18:40 train. i will need to know how much the ticket costs and the train id. thanks!
thank you. i am also looking to find a good chinese restaurant.
moderately priced in the city centre.
yes book it for 1 at 15:45 the same day and i'll need the reference number too please
that is all. thanks so much!
i'm looking for a place to dine.
i like ethnic food, particularly indian food.
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.
area does not matter to me. please book it for 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday. i also need the reference number.
yes, please book 5 people at 18:30. i also need the reference number.
thank you, good bye!
can you find me an expensive place to stay that is located in the east?
does that hotel have a 4-star rating?
i really would like a 4 star hotel. is there one in the moderate price range, then?
carolina bed and breakfast sounds nice. could i have it booked for 6 people for 4 nights starting on monday?
i was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with architecture.
that would be fine. can i get the address please?
i also want a moderately priced polynesian restaurant.
could you check again?
how about chinese food?
nah, that's not necessary. i just need the postcode, please.
i also need a taxi.
i am traveling between the two places. i need to leave the restaurant by 23:15.
thank you for all your help! that will be all for today!
hi, could you give me the location of the saint johns chop house?
great. how about the phone number?
could you tell me what their price range is?
i am also looking for a particular hotel named leverton house.
the address please.
thank you for the information on that.
yes, i am looking to book a room at the leverton house for 3 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.
no, thank you. that's all for now.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.
i definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. is the hotel moderately priced, and does it have free parking?
i see, well how about a guesthouse in that area with free parking?
yes, which one has room for six guests?
i need it on sunday, for 3 nights.
ok, can you accommodate 2 nights then?
is there any other options that we can look into?
just please book for that room for 2 nights.
are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights sunday for 6 people?
let's try again. a moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. sunday, 2 nights, 6 people.
could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting sunday with a moderate price and free parking?
shoot. well, okay, how about two nights?
i need a train from cambridge to broxbourne that leaves after 8:15 on tuesday.
i need 6 tickets please.
that is all, thank you.
hello, i am looking for information. can you help me with a train?
i would be leaving cambridge and heading to peterborough on tuesday.
yes, i need to arrive in peterborough by 13:45. how long is the train ride?
no thanks. no need to book at this time. can you tell me about a hotel called the avalon?
sounds great. how many stars it that? and can i have the phone number?
yes please make the reservation.
i'm actually going to call the hotel before i make the reservation. i think you for your time. have a nice day.
i'm looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant.
is it located in the centre?
yes can you book it for 3 people thursday at 20:00?
thanks. o'm also looking for a place to stay, moderately priced.
i need one that includes free wifi and is in the centre.
can you book it for me?
actually i just need to know how many stars they hotel has and the postcode.
and what is the postcode?
can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to anatolia, arriving by 20:00? give me car type and contact info
i will also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant.
no thank you, that will be all for now.
i'm looking to go to a park, can you suggest any?
i would like one located in the centre of town if possible. may i please have the phone number?
i also want to eat at a cheap place in the center area.
do they serve italian food?
yes that would be great. i'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 18:45 on saturday.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i'd like to get moderately-priced polynesian food.
well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center?
how about british food?
no thank you. can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address?
as long as they serve british cuisine and moderately priced, that sounds great. thanks for your help.
no, that's everything. thank you!
i'm looking for an hotel in the north.
the ashley hotel will work for me.
yes, please book a room for me.
i need rooms for 5 people and 2 nights starting on thursday. if you could make a reservation that would be great.
yes, i am looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.
how about a museum instead?
i would like the phone number and entrance fee to the whipple museum.
thank you for your time.
i need a one-star hotel, please.
are you sure?
well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars. cheap though.
no thank you, i just needed the information for now.
yes. i am looking for a fun place to visit while i'm in the west side of town. is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?
what kind of attraction is it?
oh, okay. i need something in the west.
thank, i just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.
great. i need a taxi from the hotel to there by 20:30.
i'll need the car type and contact number.
okay, so what is it?
thank you so much.
not you took care of everything i need. thanks.
i am looking for a german restaurant in the expensive price range.
did you try the center of town?
how about an expensive indian restaurant?
book a table for 2 people at 12:00 on thursday.
i am also looking for a train. the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.
i want to depart from peterborough to cambridge.
when does it depart?
ok, thanks, i'll take care of it from there.
i'd like to dine for expensive british cuisine.
any area is fine. can i have the postcode for your favorite one?
that's all for right now, thanks for your help!
good afternoon. i am planning a trip and need some help with places i can go when i get there.
not really. i would like to stay toward the centre of town though.
i would love to check out some modern art museums please
that sounds great! can i have the address, phone number, and what's the entrance fee?
i would also like to find a 3 star room.
it doesn't matter, but i prefer a guesthouse over a hotel.
i just need to know the price range please. and confirm that it has free parking?
i actually just want a taxi. i want to depart the hotel by 11:45 and go to the attraction. please give me car type and contact info too
thank you so much!
i would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves barbeque. can you help?
oh, that's too bad. how about italian?
either one is fine, ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 18:45 on thursday.
great! thank you. have a great day!
i have a taste for british food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?
no i do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the centre.
no, which one is your favorite?
i would like to try your recommendation. would you book for thursday, at 11:00 for 6 people?
are you able to book 10:00 instead?
i am also looking for a theater in the same area.
that sound good. could i have their postcode and address please?
no thanks, that is everything.
i am looking for a train departing after 11:15 from the birmingham new street location.
okay, i need one going to cambridge on tuesday.
i don't have a preferred arrival time. could you just book me one for 13:40?
no, actually i'll need tickets for two people please. oh, and can you provide the reference number when you've got it please?
thanks. i also need an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food.
sure. 2 people at 20:30 on tuesday. please give me the reference number.
nope that should be it thank you
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4
no, thank you. i'll have to figure something else out.
no, that's all that i need. thanks, good bye.
i'd like a train to cambridge on friday
yes, i would need to leave after 08:00 please.
sorry, i will be leaving from norwich.
that sounds good. can you book it for 7 people?
okay, well, let me know when you have that.
perfect, thank you! i'm also looking for a restaurant called kohinoor. can you help me with that as well?
what is the post code please?
no. that's all i need for now. thank you so much.
are there any vietnamese themed restaurants in the west side of town?
sure, i'll need a table for 3 at 19:45 on monday please.
yes. i also need to book a train.
i want a car to get me to cambridge, arriving by 14:00.
please ignore my last post, i was distracted. i need to leave ely and get to cambridge by 16:00.
i'll be departing monday. could you tell me the travel time of the train?
no thanks. i have all the info i need. have a good day. bye.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the east part of town.
a guesthouse would be perfect. can you make a recommendation of one please?
no thank you. get me the phone number instead
i'm looking for things to do in town
i'd like to go to a theatre in the same area of town as the hotel.
well in the same area as the hotel i am walking
how about a park instead?
no, i need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse at 23:00 going to the attraction. what is the contact information and car type please?
i still need the contact number please.
i'm sorry, but i forgot to get the phone number for the park. can you get that for me, please?
that's all i need thanks for the help!
i have a hotel in mind that i need some help to book.
i would like to book the aylesbray lodge guest house, for 1 person, 3 nights, starting friday
yes, i'm looking for a want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 1 at 16:45 and i need a reference number
i would like it for the same day.
thank you, but no. that is everything. thanks so much for your help.
please find a museum in town.
i don't have a preference but can you suggest one and give me their address?
thank you! also, can you recommend a moderately-priced international restaurant, please?
thank you for the info, that will be all.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
i don't care.
what is the phone number?
what is the address?
what is the food type they serve ?
thank you! goodbye!
i need a train departing from cambridge after 17:45.
i'd like to go to norwich on monday.
nah, thanks though. but if ya can tell me when it gets there that'd be good.
great. i'm also looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking.
i'm looking for something moderately priced please.
let's try the hobson's house please.
yeah, could you book me a 3 night stay at hobson's house?
friday. for 7 people.
how about one night?
great! thank you so much for all your help.
i need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by 11:00.
i want to travel by train on friday.
great i need 6 tickets and the reference number.
great. can you also tell me about the bedouin restaurant?
yes, what is there postcode?
great, that is everything i need. may your day be filled with awesomeness.
can you find a theater to visit in town?
i would like the address to the mumford theatre
no thanks. just the phone number was enough. i am also sick of eating at the same chinese place all the time. can you help me find another one to try?
yes, i'd like it to be in the centre. i'd love to eat expensive, chinese food.
pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 18:00 on monday.
great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by 18:00 from the hotel?
sorry i just need to get to the restaurant from the mumford theatre.
thank you! that's all i need.
i need a place to stay located in the west of town.
actually, i'm more concerned with a place to stay and i'd like it to be in the west please.
if it could be a 4 star hotel with free wifi, that would be perfect.
can you book it for me for thursday i'm staying 5 nights. only one person is staying.
i need a restaurant called the bedouin for the same group of people at 14:15 and i would need the reference number.
i want to book it for 1 on 14:15 on thursday.
can you try for tuesday?
that is all for now. thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
centre is fine!
yes, make reservations for 4 people at 18:00 p.m. on saturday.
book a table for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday and get me the reference number
can i book a taxi to arrive by my reservation time?
oh my, i got ahead of myself. first, i need a place to go in the east for a boat attraction. can you help?
what is their phone number and address?
their phone number would be super and then i need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to the restaurant on time.
how about that taxi?
thank for your help! that's all i need today.
hi! can i get some info on a cheap place to eat?
do any of those places serve romanian food? i'm in the mood for polenta!
do any of those places serve vietnamese food?
what is the postcode?
maybe later. i need a train ticket to peterborough on thursday.
i'd like to go from cambridge to peterborough and arrive by 13:15.
yes. i just need to know the departure time, train id, and the travel time.
i think that is everything, thanks for the help!
hi, are you familiar with the avalon hotel?
i would love that. can you book me a room starting on friday night?
i need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by 12:45, will you book it for me
i need to depart on wednesday. i'll need to arrive by 1245.
yes, i'd like five tickets, please.
thank you very much. that is all i need. bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant called saffron brasserie. what can you tell me about it?
yes please make a reservation for two. also provide me with a postcode and phone number. thank you!
i think i will book it myself instead, can i get the phone number and post code so i can though?
i am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.
no could you recommend one please?
that sounds great. can you book me a taxi to go between the two?
i would like to leave downing college by 06:45.
no, that's all i needed. thanks a bunch!
is there a cheap place in the north part of town?
italian, please. can you give me the address?
what is the phone number please?
no that will be it. thank you
i'm looking for a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.
could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on friday?
thank you for reserving it, and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking?
yes, that's correct. thank you.
no, that's it. thanks for your help!
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food.
is there any restaurants that serve vietnamese food?
what's the address?
thank you, goodbye.
i want to find a place to eat called saigon city.
yes, do you know how much it is?
can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on tuesday?
actually yes, i'm looking for a train out of cambridge. any train leaving after 09:30 will do.
leaving cambridge any time after 09:30 and i am going to london liverpool st on friday
no thanks, i just need to know the price for it.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i'd like to find a french restaurant on the north side of town.
yes let's do one for 6 people at 16:00 on sunday.
i also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 3 stars that is near the restaurant.
i'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 6 people
i don't need either.
yes. i already told you 2 turns ago what the specifics of my reservation are. please complete it and give me the reference number
could you book a taxi between the two places?
that's all i needed today! thanks for all your help! bye!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range
i would like to stay in the east.
okay, i want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
what about on friday?
great, thanks so much!
i'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
i'd like a guesthouse in the north, i don't care about the parking. price is no issue.
yes, i would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on friday. can you give me a reference number?
i also need a train.
i'm going from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday.
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay while i'm in town. can you assist me?
i would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. it doesn't need to have internet.
yes, please book the room and can i have the reference number
i also need a wednesday train to cambridge.
actually i am departing from cambridge and going to leicester.
i need it to arrive by 21:00.
yes. please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. then give me the reference number
thank you. that is all i need for now.
need a hotel up north with free parking.
yes i need free parking and cheap reservation
do you have anything cheap, in the north with free parking?
how about a restaurant. can you recommend a vietnamese place in the north that is cheap?
i'm sorry, i really do need a vietnamese restaurant. would you mind checking again?
as long as it's cheap, i don't care about the area. can you book a table for 4 at 11:45 on thursday?
i am also going to need a taxi.
i need to be picked up at the hotel and go to the restaurant in time for the reservations.
please reread the rest of the conversation! it's not hard to keep up! the hotel is the ashley hotel. you didnt give me the name of the restaurant
okay, i am kind of in a hurry.
no, that is all i need. thank you for your help. good bye.
i'm looking for somewhere to go in town, are there any museums you can recommend?
will you suggest one? i'd like to know the entrance fee, address, and area, as well.
yes. i need a restaurant in the centre area please.
i would prefer spanish food at a moderate price.
not at the moment but can i get the phone number for la tasca please?
no, thank you very much. i will not be needing anything else.
hello. i am working out some details regarding my trip to cambridge. i am sort of overwhelmed by the number of attractions and need your help.
yes, i'm interested in museums. can you suggest one for me?
i am looking for a museum in the centre of town.
yeah, that sounds good. can you give me the postcode?
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre that is moderate in price.
i need the hotel to be 4 stars with free parking. does cityroomz have these?
how about one like that in the north? get the postcode,address, and phone number
the one in the north did not need to be 0 stars. just one in the north.
that sounds good. does it have 4 stars?
i'd really like a 4 star. is there a 4 star hotel in the north with parking?
no, but can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for the acorn?
i am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving italian food.
i don't care which area the restaurant is located in.
can i have the address and phone number please?
what type of food do they serve?
thank you
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
i would like christmas food.
how about british food?
either one is fine.
i want the address and phone number.
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
on sunday. i'd like to arrive by 09:45.
yes. make booking for 3 people and can i have a refernce number?
i also need a guesthouse with free wifi. can you help me find one?
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
can you check for ones with a cheap price range?
in that case, how about just a hotel in the east that has free parking?
oh man, i can't do expensive. is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the east perhaps?
are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the east side? what kind of city is this?
i think you need to pay more attention, it's your job to be alert. do they all have free internet?
pick the most popular one, i need their phone number as well and hotel type. if they have area and postal code , i will need it.
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
the area is not important. i just need it to be asian oriental food and something cheap.
how about chinese in the east? it should still be in the same price range as the hotel.
can you check for asian oriental? i don't care what area it is in.
great, i just need the area and postcode please.
i would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. i want to leave my hotel (leverton house) by 07:30.
that is all for now. thank you for all your help.
i'd like to find a restaurant that serves chinese food in the south please.
yes, i would prefer an expensive one please.
no, not yet, thanks. could you give me the address/postcode for peking restaurant?
alright, sounds good.
no, that's all. thanks!
i'm looking for a place to stay, please.
i prefer the east part of town. and a 4 star rating if possible.
no, price range doesn't really matter. it don't really care if they offer internet though.
is it a safe place to stay ?
what is the price range?
ok. that will be fine. i am also looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre. what type of food do they serve?
i need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at nandos city center by 09:00
perfect, thank you.
i am looking for information on a restaurant called cafe uno
yes please. i need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and i'd like that for saturday,please.
i am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.
yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday
please try for wednesday instead and see if that works
is there another guesthouse that you can try?
thank you, i need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. i need to get to the place to eat on time.
yes thank you. you have been so helpful and made this process easy.
i was wondering if you had any colleges i could visit during my stay?
i have no preference besides colleges. please recommend one.
that sounds great. can i get their phone number please?
yes, i'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.
no need, but i'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.
how about a hotel that is the expensive price range?
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 13:30. get contact number and car type
how about for 2 nights
okay, may i get a reference number please?
please try it for 2 nights.
excellent! i also need a taxi to go between the places. i want to leave the hotel by 13:30.
awesome! that's all i need. thanks for your help.
can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?
surprise me.
yes please book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday
i am looking for a train to pick me up at birmingham new street and arrive in cambridge before 12:00 on the day of my reservation.
i will need 7 tickets. and can you please provide me with the reference number please?
thank you. that is all for now.
are there trains leaving cambridge after 18:15?
i'm looking for one that goes to stevenage on saturday.
yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?
great! can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the americas food?
i just need something with american food.
no thank you, i am just gathering information for now
can i have the address for the restaurant.
if there's no cheap american food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food?
i love antiques and heard about a place called williams art and antiques. could you give me more information?
yes, can i get the address and postcode?
thanks a lot. can you also help me find a place to stay that has free wifi?
i'd like something in the south, preferably a hotel with three stars.
thank you! it doesn't matter to me.
can you book it for 8 people for five nights starting on sunday and i need a reference number
that is all i need, thank you.
i was hoping that you could tell me more about the museum of classical archaeology.
no but what exact area is it in? center, east, west etc.
i also want to go to an asian oriental restaurant in the center area.
i have no preference in price range.
yes please, for friday night
seven people, and we're planning to go there at 3:15 pm.
okay great thanks so much.
that will be all for today. goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?
i will prefer restaurant that serve chinese food.
actually, no booking is necessary. but, can you suggest one and provide me the address. thanks.
great thank you, i also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on monday.
i'm leaving from norwich and heading for cambridge.
that doesn't matter. the 18:16 will do. book it for 4.
thank you so much for your help, that's all i need today.
i'm looking to book a train that goes to ely and leaves on sunday please.
yes, i need to leave after 15:45.
yes that will work thank you.
i need 2 adult and 1 child. thank you.
i am also looking for a hotel in the north please.
that one sounds fine. i need lodgings beginning thursday.
i'd like 3 nights for 6 people, please.
wonderful. thank you very much! that's everything i needed.
hello. can you help me find a specific restaurant that i'm looking for?
the name of the restaurant is lucky star
yeah i need a table for six please
yes, i am wanting to book for thursday at 14:15.
it will be for 6.
could you also help me find a nightclub to check out?
i want it in the centre. pick the best one there and tell me the entrance fee and address please.
thank you. that's all for now. have a great day.
i need a zero star hotel in cambridge with wifi.
no, i actually need it in the north part of town.
i guess the cityroomz in the centre would be fine then. does it include free wifi?
can we book it for 8 people starting saturday?
i'll be there for 5 nights.
i'm also looking for an inexpensive italian restaurant in the same area.
yes please. for the same amount of people on the same day at 14:30.
is there a reference number for the pizzeria reservation?
no, that's all i needed. thanks and bye!
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
could you find me an asian oriental restaurant instead?
what is the phone number and area?
thank you. goodbye!
i need an east restaurant. i want to try some canapes food.
then could you recommend a chinese restaurant?
address, phone number, and postcode, please
no, thank you, goodbye.
goodbye.
hi, i need a guest house please.
no, but i need free wifi and i would like a 2 star guesthouse please.
yes, how about a guesthouse with 3 stars and free wifi instead?
i'm sorry. i changed my mind. i don't want a guesthouse. are there any hotels with 2 stars?
no, just any 2-star hotel with free wifi will do.
i would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
great that was all i needed today, thank you.
hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?
yes. the hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.
as long as it is a hotel, i would like to book it.
i would like it starting thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.
i will need to be there on wednesday.
i'm sorry i actually need it for thursday, sorry. any price range is fine.
i am also looking for a train. the train should depart from bishops stortford and should go to cambridge.
i will be traveling on thursday.
arrival time isn't the issue, but i have morning meeting so i can't leave bishops stortford until after 12:15 .
what is the price and travel time?
thank you so much. i think that's all i need now.
thank you for your help.
that was all i needed.
i am looking for a british restaurant that is moderately priced.
how about the center?
please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on friday at the copper kettle.
that is all. thank you very much!
hello, i am looking for a train to cambridge and need to arrive by 15:00.
i'm leaving london liverpool street on sunday
yes, and i need to book this for four people.
i also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.
i don't have a preference. can you make a suggestion?
sure! i need to get rooms for the same group as riding the train.
i would be there for 5 nights.
that is everything thank you.
thank you. i appreciate your help.
i'm looking for a hotel. something not too expensive...mid range? oh, and i need free wifi.
i would like the one in the centre.
do any of those three have a four star rating?
not about to stay at a nasty hotel. can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 4 star rating that includes wifi?
let's go for that. book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
yes, i would like to try a different hotel that is in the same price range.
yes, please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
no thank you that is all i need.
thank you very much.
hi, i am looking for an attraction in cambridge called nusha.
great, that's good to know it's int he south part of town.
a hotel would be nice.
i would like an expensive guesthouse with free wifi please.
can you just find me a moderately priced hotel?
yes, for 7 people and 4 nights.
we'll check in on tuesday, please.
could i now book a taxi to leave the nusha's at 24:45 and take me back to the a and b guest house?
perfect, thank you!
i hope you have a great day as well!
i need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.
the price range should be expensive and it should be a hotel.
i will take something in the centre of town. how many stars does that one have?
yes those are fine. i also need find an attraction in the centre of town to visit.
anything will do, but i would like the address, entrance fee, and attraction type of whatever you pick.
i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed
yes, it needs to be in the east and be a cheap hotel.
that is okay with me. what is one of them?
does it have free wifi?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
can you find a restaurant called riverside brasserie for me, please?
yes, 11:15 7 people on saturday.
that will be all thank you for your help.
actually, i do need a taxi, please. i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant for that reservation.
no thank you that will be all
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
yes, i would like a cheap guesthouse.
no, but i am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 2 nights. could you see who has room for us?
yes, that would be fine.
we'll arrive on monday and stay 2 nights. there will be 8 of us.
wonderful, thank you. i am all set. bye.
i need to book a guesthouse in the west of cambridge, are there any?
which one includes free parking? i don't need internet included.
does finches bed and breakfast have free wifi? since they both have free parking, i might as well go with the cheaper price.
yes that would be perfect! can i please get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we'll be there by wednesday
fantastic, i'd also like a train leaving on sunday, please.
will be leaving cambridge & going to kings lynn. wanted to arrive by 12:00.
no, i just need the departure time. how long of a trip is it?
thank you very much for your help.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food.
how about indian food?
what is their address and phone number?
is cocum located in the east part of town?
correct
are there any trains running this friday?
i am leaving cambridge going to norwich on friday anytime after 16:15 will work for me
thank you - that is exactly what i need
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre. internet is not important. can you help me with that?
yes i would like it to be in the moderate price range.
that is all for the hotel room. could you help me with one last thing? i need the travel time for train tr7047
i do need a hotel room booked.
there will be seven of us.
please get me the reference number too.
i'lll be staying 3 nights starting on tuesday.
that's all thanks!
can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in east cambridge?
i was wanting korean. do you see any korean restaurants anywhere else in the city?
can you book me a table there?
there will be 8 people, and i want to book it for 20:00 on wednesday.
thank you very much.
yes i was wondering if you could help me find a nightclub in the same area.
great, could i get the address there please?
could i also have the postcode and phone number?
did you book it for me?
could i book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? i'll need to arrive by 20:00.
that was everything.
i would like a traditional food restaurant.
i don't care.
how about vietnamese food?
yes. i would like their address and phone number, please.
and also postcode please?
thank you for your help. goodbye!
i'm looking for information on the cambridge belfry hotel.
can you book that for me?
i'm sorry i don't need that booked. rather i need information on a place to dine. preferably expensive and in the centre of town.
sure that sounds great! can you please give me their address, postcode and what type of food do they serve?
please make a taxi reservation for me.
i'm departing from the cambridge belfry and heading to the cambridge chop house.
i need to leave the restaurant by 22:15. i will need the contact number and car type as well please.
that is all, thank you. i got all the information that i need. thank you and have a good day.
i am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food, any price range is fine. what do you have available?
what is their address, phone number, and postcode?
thank you
thank you. good bye.
yes, i am looking for local hotels. i would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side.
i also need free wifi.
yes. please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 4 nights starting on monday.
please book a different hotel in the same price range.
yes, can you book it for me?
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
i am looking for theatres to go to in the south.
yes, may i get the address and post code, please?
is there an entrance fee to the junction?
okay. i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves moroccan food.
yes, can we try indian instead?
no particular area. if you could recommend one and send me the address, postcode and phone number. thank you.
great, that is all i need. thank you.
i need finding a portuguese restaurant
i don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap.
no, i want one of those two restaurants.
yes, please set a reservation for me.
please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on tuesday.
ok thank you for your help and i need a reference number
i also need a train for tuesday that arrives by 10:45.
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.
same group of 8 people.
that is all thanks.
no that is it. thank you.
i want a place to stay in the north of town.
i would like something with a 2 star rating if possible.
bood ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from thursday. what is the reference number please?
i am also looking for a train. can you help me with that?
the train should go to cambridge and should leave after 21:15. the train should depart from birmingham new street and should be on the same day as the hotel booking
i need the train to leave after 21:15. i also need it booked for two people.
yes please. i need tickets for 2 people.
that will be all today.. thanks. goodbye
i would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.
the type of food doesn't matter, but i need a reservation for 8 people.
12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may i get the reservation number after you book it please?
thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye.
can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?
are any of them in the south? i'd like free parking too.
please. i need a room on tuesday for 5 nights. 4 people will be staying.
thank you so much.
hi, i'm looking for a nice play to stay in cambridge that has free wifi.
yes, someplace in the west part of town would be nice.
yes, that sounds good!
yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting monday.
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
are there any french restaurants?
i would settle for indian food.
is meghna indian food? if so, i'd like to book for the same group on the same day.
i want it to be at 13:00 please. i also need a taxi please
i need the taxi to get me to the restaurant at my booked time. i also will need the taxis contact number and car type
great, thank you for very much! that's everything i needed!
ok goodbye thanks for the help
i need an information on a train leaving cambridge on wednesday, please.
i should arrive at birmingham new street after 18:15
what is the train id?
thank you! what is an expensive restaurant that serves british food close by?
the centre, please.
i think i would. can you give me their phone number, postcode, and address, please?
thank you for your help.
i'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge.
i am not sure. do you have one leaving after 9:15 on sunday?
no, i do not have a specific arrival time.
okay. that sounds good. can you tell me more about a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
can you book a table for 5 people at 17:45 for stazione, please?
yes. i need that booking for sunday.
i think that is all i needed today. thank you!
please list all moderately priced restaurants in the centre of cambridge.
i would really like some good turkish food.
i'll try the anatolia. please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 13:45 on saturday
i also need a train to broxbourne.
i want to arrive in broxbourne by 17:15. i am leaving from cambridge, of course.
i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food. i would like a place in the expensive price range.
is curry garden in the west? i kind of want something in that area.
what part of town is tandoori palance located in?
yes, i am also interested in finding a college to visit in the west. can you help with that?
pick the best one and provide the address, number and postcode.
i need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college, can you find one for me?
i'll be leaving by 3:15.
no, that will be all for today. thank you.
i am looking for yippee noodle bar.
yes please. i need a reservation for 6 people at 16:15 on thursday.
i'm also looking for places to go in town.
yes, i'm very interested in visiting a history museum. is there a museum closer to the yippee noodle bar or possibly within 5 to 8 miles is okay also
yes. can i please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 16:15?
at the broughton house gallery, please
thank you for your help. that is all i need today!
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.
what do you recommend?
how about a college?
either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?
could i have the address please?
okay, great. i'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.
the area does not matter.
i actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.
yes, please book the ashley hotel. i need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from friday.
i would like a taxi to take me from christ's college to the restaurant.
i would like to leave christ college by 15:15.
thank you so much, that's all i need today.
you have a great day too
i need a place to stay
no specific area but it needs to have 2 stars and area needs to be in the north. it also needs to include free wifi.
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.
yes i would like to find a park to visit.
i do not care i need the phone number and address
that sounds like a lot of fun. thanks for all your help. i'm happy with your service. goodbye.
i want some help finding a place to go in the centre of town.
how about nightclubs? what is one that you would suggest?
what is the entrance fee?
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the ballare.
do you have any modern glodal ones?
how about international?
i don't need a reservation but i do need the address, phone number and price range.
and what is their phone number?
no thank you that will be all
is there any restaurants on the south part of town?
i want a restaurant serving chinese food? what is the address and price range?
i'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the south.
thank you, i'll accept the recommendation at aylesbray lodge.
yes please. i would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from wednesday.
i also need a train.
leicester is where i am going
yes leaving from cambridge, on friday please.
i need to be there by 16:15.
thank you that will be all i need.
find me a train out of cambridge to london kings cross
i need it on friday and it should arrive at london kings cross by 21:45.
i guess that will work. can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.
i also need a place to dine.
yes, british food in the west would be great!
what is the phone number and postcode to saint johns chop house?
may i have the postcode as well ?
great, thanks very much, that's all i need!
do you book trains for the bishops stortford?
i am going there from cambridge on thursday.
i would like to arrive by 18:15.
i need two tickets.
two tickets will be fine, please.
a nice place to eat that serves austrian food. in the centre of town if possible.
okay, do you have any good restaurants serving british food?
any is fine, can i get the phone number and postcode of one you'd recommend?
great! thanks. thats all i need. goodbye.
what's good to eat on the west side, in the moderate price range?
i would really like indian today if you can find it for me.
yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 13:45 on tuesday.
thank you, please do.
i still need the reference number...
if you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o wednesday?
i need an expensive hotel also.
the hotel should have a star of 1 and should include free parking.
what about a 4 star one then.
i would prefer the west. are there any hotels in the west area?
no, i just need hotel information at this time. thanks for the restaurant booking. have a good day. goodbye.
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. can you find something that serves jamaican food in the centre?
are you sure? it should be expensive.
i really want jamaican food. can you check another area? if you find one it should be expensive. if not i'll try thai in the centre.
no thanks. just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on thursday.
i'm sorry to be a bother. instead of that reservation, i would be ok with british food. is there a british place in the centre?
okay, can i please have a reservation for midsummer house restaurant? thank you so much for your patience with me!
i am also looking for a place to stay in the centre that offers free wifi.
i would like a guesthouse in the expensive price range, please.
are there any other options in the type of hotel, please?
please book university arms for 3 people 4 nights on thursday. send the reference number too ok?
great. thank you so much.
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
i still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can i start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?
do they have wifi?
okay, which place do you recommend?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine
i would like a japanese place in the cheap range.
can we search for portuguese instead?
that sounds lovely. i would like to book it for saturday, for 7 people, at 14:15.
i also want a taxi
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
the most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. i can leave the hotel whenever necessary.
thank you, that is all i need.
i am looking for information. can you help me with a place to stay while i'm in town?
the north part of town is where i want to go and include free parking and should have a star of 4
that sounds perfect. i need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
thank you! i also need a swimming pool in the north area of cambridge.
can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.
i want to to leave the hotel by 10:30.
my arrival time will be 17:00.
thanks. that is all for today.
thanks. i hope your day is good too.
good. glad to hear it. you can end this conversation now. i don't need anything else.
i'm looking for cafe uno, can you help me find where it is?
great! i would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on friday.
yes, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
that sounds good as long as it's in the same area and price range. i'll need the reference number too please.
no thank you. good bye.
hi, i'd like to book a train that leaves after 21:30 on friday.
i'll be leaving cambridge and traveling to birmingham new street.
yes could you provide me with the travel time and arrival time as well please?
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve gastropub food.
yes can we try the south?
how about centre?
moderate price range please.
please, for 7 people at 13:00 on the same day.
thank you so much. that's all i need today. have a great day! bye.
hi! i am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the centre.
moderate price range would be fine. could you pick the shortest name and tell me the address?
thank you! i am also looking for a 5 star hotel.
yes, can you find a place for me with free wifi in the moderate price range?
how about a 4 star rating?
you don't have any 4 stars in the moderate price range in any area?
there are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with moderate price and wifi in all of cambridge? i find that very hard to believe!
i would like to book one starting friday.
i will arrive friday and be there for 2 nights.
it will be for 3 people and2 nights.
no i think that is all, thank you.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called prezzo
yes please, 4 people at 11:00 on friday. can you please provide me with the reference number?
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number
where can i find the express by holiday inn in cambridge?
okay. can i book 4 nights at the express please?
6 people, 4 nights starting on friday.
could i please get the reference number after you book it.
i'm also looking for a restaurant called the golden curry. can you help me book a table there?
for 6 people on friday at 12:15. thanks
thanks. no thats all i will be needing. see you later!
i am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 17:30
i am leaving leicester and going to cambridge.
please do, i will need this for 6 people. can i also have the reference number as well?
i also need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range.
i prefer the gonville.
yes please. remember there are 6 people. it should be at least 3 stars and expensive.
just 1 night would be perfect. thank you.
perhaps i can book it. i will just need the postcode
no that is all. thank you for the help?
i am looking for a hospital in town.
i just need the name, address and phone number of a hosptital.
i'm planning a trip to cambridge and will need a place to stay. i prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.
are any of those guesthouses? i don't really care for hotels.
could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?
i do not care, book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
actually, yes. i am wanting to find out some information on the jesus green outdoor pool.
ok that is all i need today. thanks, good bye.
i need a place to stay in the west.
i would like to find a cheap guesthouse.
what is the star rating and is free parking available?
can you give me the postcode?
yes can you please help with that?
no actually i need to find a train to cambridge from norwich on saturday arriving by 19:45.
how long is the travel time, departure time and what is the price?
nope, that's it. thanks!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
i don't really have a preference. i just need something for sunday at 18:00. there will be 2 of us.
i need a train from kings lynn to cambridge, if possible.
i'd like to arrive by 08:00, and i'd like to travel on the same day that i'm going to the noodle bar.
yes, that works great. could you book 2 tickets for me please?
no thank you. that will be it.
i'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called travellers rest.
i would like to book a table on thursday for 6 people at 13:30.
i would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free wifi in the moderate price range.
yes, please. can i get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? we'll be staying 4 nights.
yes, i also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. can you help me with that?
i'm sorry, i need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. i need to arrive at 13:30
thank you! that's all i needed help with today. goodbye!
are there any expensive british restaurants in town?
yes, i'd like to find one in the west side of town.
yes, i need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this thursday.
will you check 16:15?
thank you so much. have a nice day. bye.
hi! i'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.
i'm trying to stay on the east, if possible.
the price doesn't matter. what do you recommend?
does it have free wifi?
not yet. what is their phone number?
great and what is their post code?
would you also find me a hotel in the same area?
no, that's ok. the allenbell is great. what i need is information on boat attraction in the same pay off town.
i'd just like the phone number and postcode for now. thank you.
yes i will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by 08:15.
no i want to leave camboats at 08:15 and go to the hotel.
thank you. that is all i need.
yes, i'd like to know what there is to see in the center of town.
some type of fancy architecture would be neat.
great, i like free! can you give me the postcode and phone number to all saints church please?
thanks! can you also tell me about j restaurant?
yes please, for 5 people at 13:00 on tuesday.
can you book me a taxi to take me from the church to get me to the restaurant for my reservation?
no that will do it. thanks a lot. goodbye.
hi! my friends told me about a restaurant called the nirala. what can you tell me about it?
thank you! do you have the phone number for that restaurant?
yes, i need a train from cambridge and going to norwich.
yes, i would like to leave on sunday and arrive by 16:45.
not yet i need information on travel time and the price.
thank you goodbye
thats it, thanks
i need a place to stay in cambridge that is rated 4 stars and has free wifi.
i also need free parking. do they have that?
not really. can you book one of them for friday for me?
thank you. can i have the reference number for that reservation please?
i just want the reservation number for friday please.
4 nights. 3 people. please include reference number in your response.
i'd also like to line up a place to eat, if you could help me with that.
i'd like a moderately priced european restaurant in the centre, please.
yes, please. i need a table on friday at 12:30 for 3 people, please.
how about friday at 11:30? please include the reference number for the booking.
thank you. how far away is the restaurant from the hotel?
thank you for all your help today.
no thank you. that will be all.
hello, i am in the centre of town, what types of attractions are available here?
can i please have the information for the museums?
only the address of the one you recommend please. i will also need the entrance fee.
can you give me the phone number?
is there an expensive restaurant in the same area?
and it's expensive?
i'm looking for a swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
mediterranean food.
i prefer the expensive price range.
thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for lodgings offering free wifi and free parking.
the centre, please.
i will need something with free wifi and parking
are they in the east or centre?
i really wanted a hotel in the moderate price range. can you look in the east please?
sure, could i get the address please?
yes, i also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on friday. i need to arrive by 08:15.
i will take the 5:21. can you please give me the travel time, train id, and price?
i don't want to book at this time, just the information. so that's all thanks!
i'd like to find an interesting attraction in the city center.
no i have nothing in particular in mind.
let's do a museum. can you please send me the postcode, and phone number please.
thanks. i am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. i'd like to have chinese food for dinner.
a moderate price range would be best.
that sounds interesting. can i get reservations for thursday?
i would like to reserve it for 11:15 for 8 people.
great, now can you also book a taxi for me? i need to make sure i get to the restaurant from the museum in time for that reservation.
thanks, that's it for now! have a good day!
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
let's try indian, please
what is the name of the italian restaurant?
what is the address and phone number?
thanks so much!
i'm visiting cambridge soon and would like to visit a museum in the centre. can you help me with that?
no, the first one would be good. could i also get the entrance fee and postcode.
can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the centre as well? i would like one that serves european food.
something in the moderate price range would be best thanks!
sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 18:45 on tuesday? i'll also need the reference number, please.
there is nothing else today. thank you very much for your help.
yes, i need help finding a restaurant there in cambridge.
i am actually looking for efes restaurant. i would like to book a table for 7 people on sunday at 19:30. and please provide a reference number.
thanks. can you check on trains for me?
i will be departing birmingham new street on sunday. i want to arrive at cambridge by 14:15.
that would be great. i will need 7 tickets booked please.
thank you for your help. that's all i need. have a nice day.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel by the name of acorn guest house.
i would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting saturday
yes please, can you help me find a train from birmingham new street to cambridge on friday?
i would like to leave after 12:30 and leave on friday.
yeah, choose one and book it for 8 people. then give me the reference number
no, that's all for me! thanks so much, goodbye!
i want to find out about expensive restaurants in the centre.
expensive and in the cetre of town and i need you to book it for 6 at 20:00 on wednesday
i do not care about the kind of food. surprise me.
get me a hotel in the same area with the same price range for 5 staying for 2 nights, with a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time
great. i'd love to book it.
please book a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. give me contact number and car type too.
that is all, thank you so much for your help!
thanks you too. goodbye.
hi i am looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.
how about one that is in the type of cinema?
yes, is there a restaurant also in that same area?
i'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the cheap, please.
i don't care. what do you recommend out of those options?
yes. it'll be just me dining. i want to reserve thursday at 18:00 there. give me the reference number too please
oh, that's too bad. how about monday?
try once more in case they fixed the system glitch, if not ill try any other place that you recommend.
yes please that would be okay i guess.
1 person at 18:00 on monday, please.
can you have a taxi pick me up at vue cinema and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by 18:00?
that's everything! thanks a bunch! bye!
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves north american food.
i also need it in the expensive price range.
i need the post code actually.
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge, arriving by 12:30 on wednesday to bishops stortford.
and what's the travel time on that?
great! thanks for the information. that will be all for today. have a great day!
i want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food.
vietnamese, please. give me their address and phone number as well.
are there any theatres nearby?
could you please recommend one and give me the phone number?
i also need to find a guesthouse to say in. preferably a 0 star one.
i'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? i actually need a guesthouse in the south with free parking.
no let's try looking in the north instead
yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on saturday.
just a taxi leaving the theatre by 10:45 and going to the hotel.
can i get a shuttle back to the airport?
i mean i would love to have a taxi
nope, that's all i needed. thanks, and goodbye!
i want a french restaurant on the west side please.
is there any thai restaurants on the west side?
that sounds good. can you give me the phone number and address, please?
could you also help me find byard art?
is it a museum?
thanks that's all i need
are there any places to go in the west of town?
can you give list me off the first one? i need the address, phone number and postcode.
sounds good. are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi nearby?
are any of them cheap and in the same area as the college?
which one of those has free parking?
okay, can i see the address for cambridge belfry?
thank you very much. that's all i needed.
that's all. goodbye!
i need to find somewhere to stay in the south
what is the price range? i'd like something in the cheap price range.
as long as it has free wifi i'll be happy!
can i get their postcode?
i am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the south, near to my hotel. do you have any options?
i was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price. lets go with nando's
can you just verify, is there an international restaurant in the south or no?
are there no international places to dine in the area? anything other than british food in the area?
sorry, this is the husband, im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive. please book us for nandos at 13:45 on tuesday for 5 people, thank you.
i also need a taxi to take me between the two places please.
thank you! from the hotel to the restaurant, please.
by the restaurant booked time.
awesome. thanks for all of your help. i have everything i need now.
can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?
i need to leave after 09:15, please.
great. let's book it for 6 people. give me the reference number.
thanks. i'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.
the place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.
no i do not.
well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from friday for 6 people.
that sounds great. can i book 2 nights for 6 people starting on friday.
no, that's all i need today. thank you so much.
i want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food. what is the address?
thank you!
no thank you
i just need a little help booking a train from cambridge.
to bishops stortford i need to arrive by 12:45 on tuesday.
i don't care what time i depart as long as i can arrive by 12:45 on tuesday.
i will need 4 tickets please.
can you find a hotel for me called alexander bed and breakfast?
yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting saturday.
nope, that's all i need. thank you.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north side.
i would like for the place to be 0 stars but has to include free wifi and free parking.
yes. i want to book it for 8 people, starting sunday, for 3 nights.
that's all, thank you.
can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the east?
please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on friday. send me the reference number.
give me the address and postcode.
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.
the price range doesn't matter.
i need a guesthouse, including free parking. it should have a 4 star rating on friday. can i get the phone number and address?
i also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. i need to leave the restaurant by 19:00.
thank you very much. i think that is all i need.
please find me a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
i would like a place in the north.
are either of them a 4 star? that's what i'm looking for. what are their postcodes?
okay well i need free parking and wifi. do either one of these hotels have those amenities?
could you pick a hotel in the north with free wifi and parking for me and send me the postcode please.
how about just a place in the north with a 4 star rating?
a hotel with free wifi and parking on the north side.
no it will be inconvenient for me
i am looking for information in cambridge. a a place to dine.
moderately priced, in the centre of town.
i want to eat thai food.
let me know about your italian restaurants.
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 13:45 on thursday
thank you. i will also need a hotel in that same area. please, no guesthouses!
i want the place with 0 stars.
yes, please. for 2 nights.
two for the same day. i need a taxi to commute between the two places to be sure it arrives by the booked time. the contact number and car type?
i have the hotel and the taxi already?
thanks, those are all i need for today.
you too have a great day
i want a nice park to visit while i'm in town.
can i get their address please?
thank you. i also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the south part of town.
i want italian, so let's go with pizza hut cherry hinton.
could i get a postcode and a phone number?
thanks! i also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 10:15. can you help?
i'd like to leave milton country park by 10:15 and go to pizza hut cherry hinton.
i want to leave the park by 10:15.
that's all i need now. thanks.
hello, can you recommend any architecture that i could see in the centre of town, please?
could i have the address and phone number?
yes i need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the center of town please.
i would want something expensive that has free parking. do either have those?
yes please. book for 2 people for 3 night starting sunday.
thank you, that will be all.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.
i actually need to stay in the east and it needs to have free wifi please.
the centre will be fine. can i have the info on that one,please?
i would like to find something fun to do in the east.
just pick an attraction in the same area as my hotel that you personally recommend and tell me its type
ok. i want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 10:45 and take me to the hotel. please give car type and contact info
thank you for your help.
i want some advice on places to go.
i don't have a preference.
that sounds great. can i get the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?
yes, i would like to find a mediterranean restaurant in the cheap price range.
great, can you give me the phone number?
and what area are they located?
ok, thank you, that's all the information i need right now.
hi, i'm planning a trip and am finding the trains to be a bit confusing. can you help me find one?
i will be departing from stevenage and going into cambridge on sunday.
i want to depart anytime after 15:30, so the soonest available train after that would be nice.
no, thank you, but could you tell me the arrival time?
thanks! i'm also looking to stay in a 0-star guesthouse in the center of town. oh, and i need free parking.
el shaddai, please. i need their phone number, address, and postcode.
great, thanks so much! what is their address and postcode?
great. that's all i need. thank you.
i need help finding a cheap restaurant
i'm interested in european cuisine.
can you book me a table there for 7 on friday at 19:45?
yes can you help me find a train as well?
i would like to leave in saturday.
i would like to go to ely please.
the train should arrive by 13:00 and should depart from cambridge.
okay. can you go ahead and book that train for 7 people please? and give me the reference number.
thanks for the help, goodbye!
i'm looking for info about the curry king restaurant.
can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at 13:45 on sunday?
i also need a sports place to go on the east side of town.
great. may i have their postcode please?
that is all i need for now. thank you for your help.
yes i would like to stay in a guesthouse that is moderately priced.
i need a place in the north, with free wifi.
that sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 4 nights starting from saturday.
what about 3 nights?
i am also looking for a place to go in town, college maybe?
actually, could you give me the postcode? thanks!
thank you. also, what is the entrance fee if any?
no, thanks. you were tremendously helpful. have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse.
that doesn't matter. i would like a 3 star hotel.
i don't have one, but i'd like one of 3 stars.
could i please have the address?
i am looking for places to go in town
is that in the centre?
what is the entrance fee?
okay thank you. i appreciate your help a lot. i think that is all for now. goodbye
i'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the centre.
no, not really. do you have a favorite?
yes i would like to book for 5 people at 14:45 on saturday. is there a hotel near there? preferably 2 stars?
if you could assist me with finding a hotel, i'd appreciate it. i really need a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
it depends, i really want a hotel with a 2 star rating. does it have a rating of 2 stars?
the hotel doesn't have to be in the centre, just a 2 star hotel type with free parking and wifi.
that's wonderful. please book for 5 nights for 5 people on saturday.
thank you that is all i needed.
hi, i'm actually looking to stay at a luxury guesthouse.
does it have a rating of 4 stars?
yes please that sounds good.
i am looking to stay for 1 person, 4 nights, starting wednesday.
sure, let's try 2 nights instead.
excellent! now, what can you tell me about the da vinci pizzeria?
sure and i would like the address also. thanks
no, that's all i need today. thanks for all your help!
no that's ok. i just needed the address, no booking. thank you!
have a great day! thank you for your help!
i want to visit the cambridge artworks.
yes i need to know if there is an entrance fee or not and the postcode for the area.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre. i am interested in a moderate price range. what can you recommend?
great! can i get their phone number, address and postcode?
yes please. i would also like to book a restaurant.
don't worry about booking me. i need to get a ride to the restaurant though.
i want to leave the restaurant at 04:30. my destination is cambridge artworks. please give me car type and contact info.
thanks, i won't need anything else today
could you help me find a train to norwich?
i want to leave from cambridge on wednesday.
i don't have a preferred departure time but the train should arrive by 18:15.
book the tr6838 please. i'm also looking for a place to stay if you don't mind.
i would prefer it to be a 4 star hotel, with free parking.
oh, i really don't worry about the price, so long as it has four stars and free parking.
that sounds great - i want to book it for 5 people for two nights starting monday.
no thank you, that will be all.
i'm visiting cambridge and i need a place to stay. i'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
no, it should be in the moderate price range and include free wiki, though.
what about the one on the cheap range?
yes, can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant.
i am actually looking to book a restaurant called riverside brasserie.
i would like to book it for thursday for 8 people for 13:45.
thank you so much!
nope, that's it, thanks!
hello, i am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. multiple sports would be best.
no. could we try a museum in the centre of town?
yeah, that would be great. thanks.
can i have the postcode, entrance fee and address? i also need a hotel within a moderate price range.
are there any moderately priced hotels in that same area?
yes please. i need a room for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
starting on wednesday please. 2 nights for 2 people.
that is everything i needed for today. thank you for your help!
are there any guesthouses with free parking?
i would like something in the centre that is cheap
can you book alexander bed and breakfast for me? i have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights, starting thursday.
no, that is all i need. thank you for your help. bye.
find a guesthouse hotel in cambridge with free parking.
are any of the guesthouses 4 stars?
i'll take the one on top of your list, i'll arrive saturday it's 3 people for 5 nights.
great! i've heard about a restaurant called curry garden. what can you tell me about it?
yes, please book a reservation here
make the reservation for saturday night for 3 people. can i have the full address? book a taxi to leave at 23:30 with contact info
make the restaurant reservation for 21:00 and i need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2330. send me taxi contact number and car type.
i actually don't need a restaurant reservation. i do need a taxi, though. i need to leave curry garden at 23:30 and head to the hotel.
whatever hotel you booked me at. the reference number is: gxqzcbl8
may i have the car type and a contact number for the driver?
i think that's all i need. thanks for your help!
yes, they have. thanks. have a nice day.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food.
i do not care about the price range or area.
ok, how about vietnamese food?
i want to do some boating today
is that located in the north?
perfect, could you give me their post code?
great. i am also looking for a place to stay in the north.
the hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 4.
5 nights, starting from thursday. for 3 people. reference number please.
yes, please pick one for me.
i would like you to book please.
i also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 3:15. please provide the contact number and car type.
great thank you so much.
i want to go to the riverboat georgina, please.
i'd like to leave the hotel by 3:15 please.
thank you, that will be all for today.
i want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on thursday.
i am leaving from bishops stortford and heading into cambridge.
yes, i need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.
thank you. i am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the east.
yes try another area please.
guesthouses are fine if they are in the east. do any of those have free parking and free wifi?
alright, i'd like to book for 5 people and 2 nights on the same day as the train.
thank you, that's all i need today.
hello, i'm looking for an museum.
any area is fine. do you have a favorite? maybe we can check that one out. which one do you like?
awesome, can i get the phone number, postcode and area for that?
thank you, i am also looking for a hotel on the north side.
i like a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
what are the prices like there?
could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the guesthouse?
yes, a taxi, i want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by 22:00
thats all i needed, thanks
i'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at?
i would like to book the hotel please?
no, like i said, i would prefer the hotel. can you please check availability for me at the hotel? i want sunday and monday nights for three people.
yes two more things, can i confirm the reference number as cb8vvf4m? also, i want to make sure that the have free wi-fi.
ok. thanks. that's all i needed.
i am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner.
no, i don't have a preference.
have you eaten there?
sure, can you please book a table for four in the evening
for 4 people at 13:45 on saturday. i'd also like the booking reference number, please.
great, thanks a lot!
no, that's all. thank you.
we would like recommendation of places we could go on the west side of town.
yes, i would like to try indian food.
i want something expensive
yes, could you please book that.
i need a reservation for 5 people for 16:15 on tuesday.
great! thank you so much!
actually, i also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the reservation time.
i actually would like to hear about some attractions, then schedule my cab. where are the fun places to go in town?
i would like to find any type of attraction in the west, and would like a phone number please.
sounds great, thanks! can you please book me a taxi from queens college to the restaurant, please? i need to arrive by the time of my reservation.
thanks so much for your help! that will be all today.
i'm looking for a particular hotel called the kirkwood house. where is it, and what other information do you have about it?
that sounds perfect. can you reserve it for seven people?
5 nights starting thursday.
yes, i will need a train to cambridge on thursday.
i'm departing from norwich and want to arrive by 13:00.
not right now, what's the travel time on that ride?
thanks for your help you have been great!
hi, i'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.
it doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.
yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.
do they have free parking?
yes, i am ready for a reservation.
actually, i just need the address of the hotel.
i looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. located in the centre.
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on wednesday.
i need a place to stay
centre, please. i want a type of hotel and free parking and free wifi, please.
oh, yes. the center, please.
it does not matter. just make a suggestion and please provide the address.
i also need a swimming pool to go to.
yes, i'd like to have the address, phone number, and entrance fee, please?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i need to leave the hotel by 04:00
as i said before, i want to go from my hotel to the swimmingpool
i think that is all that i need thank you for your help today. i appreciate it.
can you provide information about clare hall?
i just need the area it is located in and the phone number please.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range.
i really love mexican. do you have one that serves that?
okay, how about indian food.
that sounds nice, can i get their phone number please?
can you also book a cab to get me to the restaurant in time for my reservation?
i want to leave the restaurant by 11:45. going to clare hall.
wonderful, you made me excited for this trip now can't wait!, that is everything, thank you.
i need some help choosing a train to leicester.
i will be departing from cambridge on saturday.
i need to leave after 21:00.
great can you get me 7 tickets for that?
thank you very much! also, can you recommend a hotel in the south part of town? i don't need internet or free parking.
how about the north?
yes please tell me their postcode and star rating.
ok thank you. that's all i need.
please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.
i am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town.
how about turkish food?
what is price range?
no, that is it. thank you.
i am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
what about moderately priced 4 star lodging of any hotel type?
do they offer parking and wifi?
are there any that include both free parking and free wifi? the area doesn't matter.
can i just have the phone number?
what area is that one in?
that takes care of everything, thanks so much! bye for now.
ok, thank you and good bye.
i am looking for concert halls.
great thank you for that information about it.
i also need information on arbury lodge guesthouse
can i get the postcode of it?
that will be it, and thank you for helping me.
i'm looking for a hotel in the west area. it doesn't need to have free parking.
i don't have a preferred price range, but i'd like one with free wifi.
do they have parking? i want one that does not have parking.
can you check and see if there's one in the north, please?
that works. book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with wednesday.
how about 3 nights?
wonderful, thank you. that is all i need. bye.
i need to find a restaurant call the nirala.
perhaps you could try searching for "the nirala"?
yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on saturday.
that's all i need. thank you.
can you help me find a train leaving on saturday departing from london kings cross?
i am going to cambridge and would like to leave after 11:45.
what is the travel time for tr5729?
that's great, i also need a hotel with free wifi, i would prefer a 3 star place, please.
in the centre please.
yes. saturday, 2 nights, 6 people. reference number please.
no that is it. thank you.
i'm looking for a high end asian restaurant
saigon city sounds great. can you help me book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on thursday?
yes, could you please try for 16:00? i'd like the reference number for that as well please.
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a 4 star guesthouse if possible please.
i'm not concerned with area, but i would like it to include free wifi access, please.
i am not worried about the price range. go ahead and choose one you would recommend and let me know the phone number and price range please.
terrific. you have been a great help! goodbye.
hi, i am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
i would like a hotel on the west side of cambridge. i prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.
i want the cheap one.
please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
thanks. i am also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne on monday.
i need the tickets for 3 people. the same ones i am going to the restaurant with.
i need to be in broxbourne by 2:00. what time does the 05:01 get in? i'm thinking that might be a little early.
okay, please book that train for the same group of people on monday.
great thank you! that's all i need today!
i am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of cambridge.
no i'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. i need to make a reservation for 2 on sunday.
12:00 please, i will need a reference number. i also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after 10:30.
great thanks so much. can you give me the reference number and also i need to get a train when your ready.
i need the train to leave cambridge on monday after 10:30 and go to stansted airport, and i need two tickets. i also need my reference number please.
yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number.
that should be all thank you
i need a one bed hotel room near cambridge on friday. can you assist?
i would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the centre please.
i'm not particular. i'm just looking for something to do. is there something that you could recommend as a you don't want to miss while your in town thing?
yes, can i get the address and phone number?
i am also interested in finding a train to cambridge from norwich on thursday.
i need the train to leave after 15:30.
15 36 is good. book for 5 please
may i have the reference number?
okay...do you have the reference number yet?
hi, i'm looking for information on concert halls in the east. can you give me any suggestions?
yes an you check the south please?
how about just entertainment instead?
could you please provide the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for each.
i also need a guesthouse with free wifi.
any area will do. is there a cheap one that's 4 stars, with wifi?
i just need it to be cheap and available on tuesday.
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 5 nights starting tues. please.
i need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, i want to leave the attraction by 06:15.
that is all, thank you.
hello, i am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.
i would like a hotel in the south.
i don't have a price range i just need it to be a hotel.
i would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
yes, that would be great. please send me the reference number, too.
if you can't book it for 3 nights we can try two instead.
no, that'll be everything. thanks!
i have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the centre of the city.
i'd like it to be expensive.
excellent. can i get the phone number for the gonville hotel?
i am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is expensive. can you help me with that?
i don't really care. it's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's expensive so it's nice.
yes, i also need the reference number.
there are 4 people. i would like it to be on monday and arrive by 15:15.
great, i am also looking for an expensive range guesthouse in the same area.
i need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, centre, and has free parking, too.
i needed it to be in that side. anyway thanks for your help
are there any hotels like that in that area?
yes please just book that hotel for me.
i get into town monday. is the guesthouse expensive?
no the price range is fine. just make sure it is in the same area as the restaurant.
sorry, i actually want an expensive hotel with parking in that same area
okay, i want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 3 nights total
thanks. now i will be needing a taxi please. i want to depart from the hotel
i want to leave at 15:15 and go to the cambridge chop house
thanks so much!
no that is all i needed. thanks!
what can you tell me about the lovell lodge?
thanks, could you give me the address and phone number?
nope, that's all thank you!
i need a place to stay please. a hotel would be great.
no, but i'm looking for a place with a 5 start rating and it should also have free parking.
the huntingdon marriott would be perfect.
please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
okay thank you for all your help.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food.
can i get the address for prezzo please?
yes, i'd like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on monday please.
thank you, that's all i need today!
can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 20:15?
i am going to cambridge from bishops stortford.
leaving on thursday and need the reference number.
that sounds perfect! i need 5 tickets.
yes, i also would like to book a room at the warkworth house.
please book for 5 nights starting the same day.
there will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please
thanks for both bookings. those were my two concerns for today. i am very satisfied. goodbye.
i am looking for a japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
what is the address and phone number?
goodbye.
i'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
oh no. could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?
i don't, so please pick one. i will need the price range and phone number.
no thank you. i am looking for a train for sunday though.
going from broxbourne to cambridge.
i need to leaver sometime after 11:30.
no thank you, but i do need to know the travel time please.
okay. that's all i need. thanks and bye!
i'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?
i do not not care, it just needs to be expensive.
yes, may i have the address?
yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from cambridge to norwich?
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please
the train should leave on thursday.
yes, please. could i have the reference number as well?
no, i do not think so. thank you for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food.
ok, how about vietnamese food?
can i have the address please?
thank you!
i need to find a place to eat in the centre of town.
i am looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre that serves thai food.
yes, thank you. can i also get the postcode and address for bangkok city?
i'll just drop in, thanks. i also want to see a multiple sports complex in the same area. are there any nearby?
what is the address, entrance fee, and postcode?
may i get the phone number then to contact them?
no that is all the info i need thanks.
i need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse.
what about a 4-star place?
it doesn't matter as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. i will want to book it from monday.
it is just me this trip and i'll be there for 3 nights.
i'll be arriving on monday.
as long as i don't need anything beside the reference number. thanks
i'd like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
can you give me the address, phone number, and area code?
thank you very much for the address of the golden wok!
i want to try a local restaurant called jinling noodle bar, can you help?
no thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on wednesday?
i am also looking for a hotel in town. i would need free parking and free wifi.
i do not prefer a particular area of town but i would like the hotel to be a guesthouse.
i do not care about the price range
that sounds great. yes please!
i would like the booking starting on wednesday for 2 people please.
i need to book a room for two nights please.
thank you! i also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 17:30.
thank you for your help. good bye!
i am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. do you have any recommendations?
i want the boating one. what is the entrance fee for that?
maybe if you can get me the address. i also want a restaurant in the same place which serves indian food.
can i reserve a table for two at the moderately priced indian restaurant?
i need them for 2 people at 12:45 on thursday.
thanks for the reservation. i also need a taxi from the passenger cruisers to arrive at the indian restaurant by the booked 12:45 time, please.
it would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.
that's alright. thanks so much. i've got nothing more today. bye!
i'd really like to check out some interesting architecture while i'm in town. can you recommend anything?
yes, the phone number would be fantastic! thank you!
could you also tell me what area it's in?
thank you. i also need an expensive place to eat in the center, preferably one that serves african food
yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for wednesday at 12:00 please. thanks.
can you get me the reference number for that please?
no, thank you. that's really all i needed for today. i appreciate your help!
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge called nandos city centre.
no, i don't think i'm ready to do that yet. can you just tell me where it is on andrews street?
okay great. i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 08:30.
i'm leaving on tuesday and from norwich
no, those won't work at all. as i said, i need to leave after 08:30.
that's perfect. i need to book the train for 3 people. once it is booked, can i have the reference number?
no, that is all. thank you.
no that is all, thank you. have a great day!
i need help getting some info on the lynne strover gallery
yes, the address would be great. thanks so much.
what about the post code?
i'm also looking for a hotel.
the hotel i'm looking for is called the avalon.
well what is on the west side then?
hello, i am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?
what is their phone number?
i'm also looking for a train from norwich to get to the hotel on the same day as i book.
the hotel booking is for 4 people starting monday. we will stay 2 nights. i need the train from norwich to arrive in cambridge by 15:15. please provide reference numbers.
great i also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking and departs from norwich.
i don't need tickets right now. i just need to know the departure time, travel time, and price for that train, please.
that's all i needed, thanks so much for the assistance!
i'm looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking, can you help me?
i'm looking for a hotel and it has to be a guesthouse.
it doesn't matter what section it is in. are there any guesthouses listed that have a 4 star rating?
i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45
i will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.
that sounds great. i will need 7 tickets please!
i also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.
i'm looking for a 0 star hotel, does that fit the criteria?
please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for saturday for 4 nights, please.
thanks, i don't need anything else now! bye!
i'm looking for any type of attraction in the centre.
anything would be fine, but lets look up entertainment.
yes. what is the postcode and phone number? also, i am needing a 4 star hotel in the same area. can you check if one is available for me?
thank you so much. would you be able to book it?
please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday.
can you try booking it for just 1 night instead?
no that was it. thank you so much for your help.
thanks. have a good rest of the day.
can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has wifi?
no preference. it needs to have 3 stars and offer free wifi.
that sounds great. i need to make a booking for sunday for 4 nights.
oh, yeah, five people, please.
thanks. i'd also like to make a reservation at j restaurant.
same group of people, at 12:30 on the same day.
yes, please. can i get a taxi between those 2 locations?
well, i'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and i need to get to the restaurant no later than 12:30, the reservation time.
thanks so much for all of your help today. that is all i needed. bye.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
i do not have a date at this time.
i need free parking.
ok, can you pick one for me? i'll just need the address and postcode please.
yes, i need to find a restaurant that serves international food and is cheap. also i need it in the same area as my hotel.
great, can you book a table for 4 people on thursday at 19:45?
no, is there anything available for 18:45?
can you try again for me?
thanks so much you've been really patient and kind.
no, you have helped me fully. thank you very much.
hello, i'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. the name of it is dojo noodle bar.
sounds good. can you book me a table for 6 on monday at 11:00?
yes, i'll need a place to sleep off all that food. do you have anything that's cheap but also has a 4-star rating?
i would prefer a guesthouse. is there one close to the restaurant?
it depends. i'm looking for a hotel with free parking and internet. if those amenities are available i would like more information including the postcode and area, please.
the does sound good. can you tell me the rating on this place, too?
yes. i would like you to book me a room. thanks.
just two nights please
i'll be checking in on monday.
i'm the only one staying in the guesthouse.
that is actually fine, i won't be able to stay there after all. you have been a great help. have a nice day. bye.
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. please give me the contact information for one.
it doesn't really matter but it should have a 4 star rating.
yes please. do they offer internet access and what kind of parking accommodations do they have? also a number to reach them would be great!
is the avalon a hotel type and moderately priced with a 4 star rating?
no thank you but may i please have the address?
i'm going to think about it. i'd really prefer a hotel with parking.
i can also check to see if we have guesthouses for that area.
i'd like it to be rated 4 stars.
no, any area will do. could i get the address for one of them? i'm also looking to go on a boat can you help with that?
i'll also be needing to find boating options and their information and i'll need to arrange a taxi to and from the locations.
as long as i can get a taxi to the boat and back that leaves the boat by 8:45 any location is fine.
okay i need to leave the attraction by 08:45 and i would like a contact number and a description of the car picking me up please.
i'll need the taxi when we finish with the boats, at 8:45, and i need it to take me to my hotel.
yes. that would be fine. do you need to book it?
actually, can you please book a taxi from the boats to my hotel.
thank you so much, i know i was confusing. can you just tell me the entrance fee for the boats? that is all i still need to know.
yes, could i get the postcode for camboats?
will you tell me the car type?
thank you so much!
i am going off to college soon and want to visit a campus. can you help me find one?
in the centre please. can i get their address, phone number, and entrance fee?
no, please pick one. provide me with the address, post code and entrance fee.
does it have free wifi?
can you help me find a guesthouse? something nice. and somewhere upscale on the price, too. my parents are paying for the whole trip and they're loaded.
do they have free wifi and a 4 star rating?
university arms hotel sounds just great. please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 4 nights starting from friday.
no, that's it; thank you for your help.
i need a restaurant. the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.
yes.east-side london.
please book for 4 people at 17:00 on sunday
i am also interested in attractions in the centre. specifically, i am interested in multiple sports facilities
how about an attraction that has to do with boats?
yes, can i get the phone number?
yes, i'd like a taxi to take me to pipasha restaurant and then to cambridge punter. i'd like to arrive at pipasha restaurant by 17:00.
i will be departing from my house.
actually i'll be at the cambridge punter, pick me up there.
thank you for all your help.
that is all i will need. thank you for your help!
can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
any place would be great. if you could pick one and send me the phone number and postcode please.
i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town
yes, i would like to find a south african restaurant please.
yes let's look for chinese food instead.
nah, i just need to phone number
and their postcode as well. can you help me book a taxi between the church and the restaurant?
i would like to leave st mary's church by 12:30.
i can't wait to ride in that car!
no, that's all, thanks!
hi, i am currently planning to come to cambridge, and i was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the centre. what would you suggest?
yes, please book a table for 1 people at 19:15 on monday.
yes. i need a place to stay in the same part of town. it must have free parking.
i want a place with a 0 star rating
yes, can you book the room for me?
do you have their phone numbers?
no thank you that was all i needed today.
i would like some lebanese food in the west part of town. are there any available?
how about thai food?
yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.
could you just book a table for me? i would like it to be on monday at 17:30 for 3 people please.
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre i would like to see architecture.
thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.
you're welcome. you have a great day as well.
can you help me find a train leaving after 20:45 going to norwich?
i will be travelling on monday.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i'm sorry, i just need the arrival time and price, please. that is departing from cambridge, right?
can you please book me 1 ticket for tr9493.
i am also looking for a place to stay.
oh, a hotel, for sure.
i need it in the north and free wifi and cheap.
great, i need a reservation for 5 people.
how about the ashley hotel? i need a reservation please.
can you make a reservation for friday for 5 people, 3 nights please?
that is it for now. thank you
i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.
i don't have a preference.
what is the address?
thank you and good bye.
bye.
goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to dine in cambridge, if you could help me with some options.
i would love some afghan food in the centre of town.
how about indian food, i hear there are some good indian places in cambridge.
any price range is okay with me.
i need a place to stay that has 4 stars.
yes, the centre of town please. also, no internet is needed, but i would prefer free parking.
no worries, i can give you three options to choose from
can i get the phone number and address for university arms please?
no i just need the price range, address and phone please.
thanks, i also need to find a restaurant with modern eclectic food in centre.
how about lebanese food?
yes that sounds great. please book me a table for 5 at 20:00 on monday.
thank you, that is all i need. have a good day.
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food
how about asian oriental food?
could you tell me the phone number of saigon city?
yes, i would like the number for saigon city.
thank you. can you also tell me the address for saigon city, please?
which part of town it is in ?
thank you good bye
i would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced.
go for it.
no. how about gastropub type food? may i please have the address, phone number, and area?
thank you.
no, thank you
i am looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking in cambridge.
does the gonville hotel have guesthouse accommodations?
can you book this hotel?
i would like to book for four people for three nights beginning on tuesday.
yes please book it for four people in 3 nights starting on tuesday
no how about two nights?
thank you. i am also looking for a particular restaurant, it is called charlie chan. can you provide me its address?
no, thank you. that's all i needed today.
hi, can you look up darrys cookhouse and wine shop for me?
that's it. can you make a reservation for me? there are 5 of us and we would like to reserve sunday at 11:45 if possible.
thank you for the helpful information!
that is all, thanks. have a nice day. bye!
can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul?
thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on monday there?
thanks, that's all. good bye.
i am looking for italian restaurants in cambridge in the cheap price range.
i'm looking for something in the north, please!
no thanks, i just need the phone number, address, and postcode.
yes, please. i also need a train on monday, arriving at 17:45.
i would like to go to norwich.
i will be leaving cambridge heading to norwich
no thanks. maths isn't my biggest strength so please tell me what the total travel time is.
i think that is all the info on the train that i needed.
hi, i am looking for a restaurant called the hotspot.
thank you! do you know what the price range is at the hotpot?
what part of the city is that in?
i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east with 4 stars and free parking, is there a place like that available to stay at?
i'll take the allenbell. it's in the east right?
i need to double check, does it include wifi?
that's all i need for now. thank you very much!
no that's all. thank you. goodbye.
hello, can you help me find a cheap guesthouse?
i don't care. i'd like a hotel though, with 4 stars.
that sounds wonderful. can you please book a reservation for 7 people?
sunday, for 4 nights please.
thank you so much. that is all for today.
can you help me find a german restaurant in the east please?
can you find me something cheap?
i prefer the italian but will go to the vietnamese if the booking does not work.
you know what, i've changed my mind. i'd prefer international to italian. are there any like that in the east part of town?
that sounds good. could i get a reservation on thursday at 15:15 for 1 with a reference number? also looking for a place to stay in the area with free parking
i guess a reservation at 15:30 would be alright. do you have any?
perhaps another restaurant in the east that serves international food and can be booked at that time?
you stated earlier there was no german restaurant in the west, but i was looking for one in the east.
okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap international restaurant on the east side?
can you try again to book the missing sock for 1 person at 15:15?
is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 15:15 on thursday for 1 person?
i need a restaurant serving international food in the east thursday at 15:15 for one person. can you do that for me?
that restaurant will be fine, lets book it.
thanks! i need a hotel on the east side, please.
yes, as long as it is in the same general area and price range as the missing sock restaurant.
i'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
are there any outdoor festivals or activities? i'll need the postcode and phone number.
are there any nightclubs in the centre?
yes, which one is the best?
ok, please give me club salsa's postcode and phone number. i also want to find a hotel in the same area.
i'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
which hotels are rated 4 stars and offer free parking? can i have a phone number for those hotels?
what are their names?
no, not at this time. i just needed the information. thank you and have a nice day.
i need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. it should be in the cheap price range.
i'd prefer the italian one.
can i get the postcode for it?
yes, please. thank you very much.
i do not want to just yet, thanks.
hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?
i'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
the area doesn't matter i would like an expensive hotel if you can find one.
yes, please book me a room for friday.
i need it for 2 people please.
5 nights please. and i would need the reference number also.
thank you! i am also looking for a place to go in town. i'm thinking a college in the centre.
can i please get their phone number and postcode?
thanks! i'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 2:45?
thank you. that is all i need.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the south
are there any portuguese restaurants in the south?
i would like a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 13:15.
thank you! can you also help me with a place to stay?
i would like to go to an expensive italian restaurant for dinner.
the centre is my preference. thank you.
can you tell me the names of those four?
book for me sure. a table for 8 people at 11:45 on wednesday and get me the reference number
please book clowns cafe.
i also need an expensive hotel to stay at. can you help me find one?
i want to stay near the restaurant if possible. oh and they should have internet please.
yes and could i have the postcode please
does it have internet?
great and can i get a taxi to commute between the two places.
just make sure i get to the locations by the booked time.
i don't need a booking, thanks. i do need a taxi going from the hotel to the restaurant though.
11:45 as discussed above.
have a nice day.
i'm looking for places to go in the centre area of town.
what would you recommend?
a museum sounds good. do you have the poscode and phone number? i also need a place to stay that is moderately priced with free parking.
i would just like to know what is available. oh i also need free wifi.
i would like a hotel in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.
i don't care about any particular area to be honest.
i'll repeat this: the hotel should be in the moderate price range and it should include free wifi and free parking. i don't care about the area.
as long as it has everything i've been asking for, i'm good.
yes, i would. can i get the address, area, and phone number?
thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel and it doesn't have to include internet.
what about a 4 star located in the east the only has free parking. internet it doesn't really matter either way
no i really want a 4 star hotel in the east, how about one with only free wifi?
ok. are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi?
what is the most eastern located 4 star hotel?
ok, lets go with that then. can you book me a room for thursday for 3 people, 2 nights please?
yes please. please recommend a hotel that is available thursday for 3 people, 2 nights as far east as possible.
as long as it's 4 stars with free parking, any type of hotel works.
there are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 2 nights starting on thursday?
i really need to stay in the east. can you check again?
yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting from thursday. also provide the reference number
wow this is really confusing. let's start from the beginning. can you see if you can find a place to stay in the east with 4 stars and free wifi?
i want a hotel for 3 people and 2 nights, with free parking. is there nothing in the city that fits those requirements?
at this point i'll take what i can get. book it.
try for one day.
can you please try to find me another hotel in the east with at least four stars?
nope, i'll take anything on the eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or wifi, booked for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.
thank you. that was all i needed. goodbye.
i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the hotel. can you help with that?
we're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around 17:00 for 3
that was all for now. thank you for your help. goodbye.
can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
yes, is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
yes, i would like their phone number and postcode, please.
thank you, nirala sounds good. goodbye.
i'm looking for places to visit in the centre of town.
no. can you recommend something in the centre?
could you provide me with the address and postcode?
thank you. i'm also interested in finding a hotel. i prefer one that includes free parking.
the north please and cheap.
no preference. whichever one you recommend.
does it have wifi?
no i just need the post code and the address please.
no, that will be all. thank you!
i am going to the centre and want to go somewhere fun.
i think i'd like to visit a museum perhaps. can you suggest one?
that will be fine i need the address please.
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
yes please and i'm looking for a 0 star rating.
i prefer the guesthouse, please. i'd like a reservation for 6 people, 2 nights. we'll be arriving on tuesday.
thank you that is all i need.
do you know much about hotels?
yes please,the cheapest one,thank you
i would like to stay in the west please. can you send me some info?
lets start over, my apologies. we were actually looking for a moderate priced hotel, with 0 stars and free parking, disregard everything said before this.
how about a cheap 0 star hotel with free parking?
ok that works please make reservations for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
i'm also looking for a museum in the east. any recommendations?
yes, can i have more information about the cambridge museum of tech? what is their address?
can i also get a phone number and postcode for the museum?
sorry, what is the address?
that's all thank you for your help.
no that is it. thank you.
i need to find a british restaurant in west cambridge.
no, can you recommend a favorite?
please book 2 tables for 8 people on friday also i need train tickets for 8 people.
graffiti sounds good. i actually need that reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on wednesday. can i have the reference number for that?
i would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in cambridge at 09:00 on the same day.
can you book the train that arrives at 07:07 that one would work great. i need the reference number as well.
it's for the same group of people
great, thanks! that's all i needed right now!
i need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?
i don't care, as long as it's cheap it's fine. which do you recommend?
yes, i would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on friday night.
how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
thank you so much that is all i need.
i'm looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately.
one in the east, please.
yes i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on thursday.
no, thank you.
can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? money is not an issue.
that should work fine. book it for me please.
i will be staying for 5 days. can you book the hobson house for me for 5 people please?
i'll be arriving on sunday. please send me the reference number for this stay.
yes, let's try for 4 nights instead.
yes i'm also looking for a place to dine. i would like the same price range as the hotel
i'm looking for modern european cuisine.
can you find a modern european restaurant in the west?
is there anything in the south?
are there any expensive modern european restaurants?
no the west would suit me
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves modern european dishes.
alright, thank you. goodbye.
i would like to make a reservation at the shanghai family restaurant in cambridge
i would like to get the phone number and area please
no reservation necessary, just let me know what area of town its in and i'll do the rest.
i'd like a train heading for cambridge from peterborough, please.
i will be traveling on saturday.
yes, for 8 people please.
awesome. i'm also looking for the gonville hotel.
i would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on saturday as well.
uh, i thought i told you 8.
that is all i needed. thank you so much!
can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?
i would like a hotel with a moderate price range that includes free parking also.
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at ashley
any of your choice.
i am also looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge, can you help me?
i need to leave after 14:00. and it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so friday.
no thank, just need total travel time and price.
no, that is everything i need. thanks for your help!
that was all, thank you for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves mexican food. preferably, some place that is cheap to moderately priced. are there any in that area?
yes, i'm not looking for a restaurant right now, i'm actually looking for a train. i need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on saturday after 15:15.
yes the 15:40 sounds good. can you book it for 5 people please?
actually, could you get me some information about museums in the area?
i'm not looking for a restaurant, i want a museum. you can choose it.
great. could you also get me their postcode?
thank you that's all that i needed today.
hello! i am looking for a play stay, i would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north
are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the north?
yes please. an expensive hotel in the north with free parking and free internet. can you book the room for me please?
a hotel, please. for 4 people and 4 nights.
book it please! can you also provide a reference number? thanks!
please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
nope. thank you so much for your help.
are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking?
are there any available for less than $200 a night?
is that a 2 star hotel?
let's try a hotel type with free parking in the centre of town with a star of 2.
how about for 2 nights?
yes that would be fine with me
can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
how about for 2 nights?
can i have the reference number and address please?
nope, that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i'm looking to stay at a moderate priced place with free parking.
do either of them have a star rating of 4?
i would like a 4 star hotel that is priced moderatly. i don't have preference in the part of town.
a guesthouse would be fine.
i need to book for 3 people on 3 nights starting tuesday.
are there any colleges in town? i want to see some.
no area preference. i would appreciate a recommendation.
ok that sounds good. could you tell me what the entrance fee is there?
perfect, that takes care of me, thanks for your help.
i am planning a trip in cambridge, looking for a place to dine
nothern european food, please
ok. how about just european? any luck there?
i would like to find a expensive one please.
whichever you recommend. can i have the phone number, postcode, and address, please?
okay. i;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 08:00 in london kings cross.
yes please reserve a spot and give me the reference number after.
i will need two tickets.
what is the booking reference number?
no, thank you for your help today
can you help me find a cheapt italian restaurant?
no, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. we'd like to eat at 13:15 on saturday.
thank you that is all i need today.
i need to take a train from cambridge to stansted airport i need to arrive by 14:45
i need to go on thursday, please.
yes please and provide me with the reference number as well.
i need place to stay with free wifi.
it doesn't matter. i like 4 star guesthouses though.
i'd prefer something in the moderate price range.
that sounds good. can i get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting thursday?
thank you! that is all that i need!
would you be able to recommend a museum?
that sounds interesting, what is the postcode?
i'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is moderately priced.
the area doesn't matter i prefer a guesthouse. any one you recommend will be fine.
then book for 1 people and 4 nights starting monday. give me reference number
that will be all! thank you so much!
i'd like some help picking out a restaurant.
i am looking for something that serves british food in the centre of town.
i would like to dine somewhere that is expensive.
could i get their phone number please?
thanks! i'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. what's around there?
any should be ok. please get me the entrance fee and address.i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
yes but i need to leave the night club by 1:45 and go to fitzbillies restaurant. i'll need the contact number and car type as well.
thank you, thatll be all for now.
i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
what is the phone number and postcode?
thank you
that's it. thank you, goodbye
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves american food and is in the center of town.
that sounds good. can you provide me with their contact info?
what is the price range?
i also need a hotel called lovell lodege
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
i'd like an expensive gastropub.
that sounds perfect! can you book a table for 5 people @ 13:30 on saturday?
i would also like to know if there are any shows or concerts in town.
can you tell me the postcode on that and the entrance fee?
could you give me the postcode?
no thank you, that is everything.
i am looking a train arriving by 17:45 that leaves on friday.
leaving cambridge and going to norwich.
yes, book for three people, please.
thank you so much. i appreciate it. can you also help me find a british restaurant in the centre of town?
expensive price range will be good
that sounds good. what is their postcode and what is their phone number?
thank you, that will be all.
i'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the riverboat georgina
actually, that's ok. i can find out later. but can you tell me what attraction type they are?
can you tell me what area they are in and what their postcode is please?
i bet i'll be hungry after visiting the georgina so can you please find me a chinese restaurant in the centre?
thank you, the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
yes, give me the address and phone number to the ugly duckling plox
can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to riverboat? i want to leave the restaurant by 22:45.
i'd like to leave the restaurant by 22:45, please. i don't care about the arrival time.
i'm going to riverboat georgina.
no thank you. that is all.
i need a moderately priced restaurant in the south of cambridge
no, i was hoping to eat some south african food.
sorry, not sure i follow. can you recommend a south african food restaurant? thanks.
modern european will be fine. can you reserve a table at one please?
thank you. i need it for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday
no that will be all thank you.
hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. any suggestions?
is the food there gastropub?
yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on tuesday at 19:30?
i am also looking for a hotel by the name of allenbell.
yes i need it for 4 nights starting tuesday for 6 people.
no, that is all. thank you very much.
hi. i am hoping you can help me find a cheap indian restaurant.
the mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions. let's book a table for two at the royal spice.
actually, i don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address and phone number for the royal spice?
that's all, thank you for your help
thanks again. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside.
no but i need it to have free parking.
that sounds good. i need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on friday.
yes what are the other options?
great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting friday?
no thank you. good bye.
i'd like to find panasian food for cheap please.
how about asian oriental food? i would like a phone number and address for any asian restaurant you find.
and that's a cheap restaurant?
is there anything else?
thanks.
hello, can you help me find a pricey singaporean restaurant in cambridge?
i sort of really had my heart set on singaporean food.
yes can you find me a hotel that is cheap?
sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that. still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive indian ones in the centre?
yes, can you book a table for 8 people on saturday at 15:45?
i'm also looking for a place called cambridge and country folk museum.
no that will be all thanks so much.
i need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum.
i need to get to the restaurant in time for the reservation.
no thanks that is all
i would like recommendations for italian restaurants.
is the price range for stazione restaurant moderate?
i'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the south part of town. i would also like a phone number and address, please.
yes, i'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge.
i'm looking for a train to stansted airport that departs on wednesday. it needs to arrive by 17:30.
that sounds great. that is all the information i needed. thank you for your help.
i don't want to book right now i just wanted to know the availability. thank you.
nope, i'm all set. thank you, goodbye!
i would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant
the area doesn't matter. can you make a recommendation, please?
great, can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on monday?
sure, that would work.
how about 17:00?
thanks, that is all i need today.
i'm interested in any info about places to go in the west side of cambridge
no preference. if you could recommend one. could you provide me the address and phone number of the one you choose?
that sounds great! i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of moderate price.
no, just a moderate hotel in the same area as the college. free wifi is nice though.
if there are no hotels i'll stay at the guesthouse. can you give me their address and phone number?
i'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from tuesday please.
no, you have been helpful. thanks so much. bye.
yes, i was wondering if you could help me find a guesthouse in cambridge.
yes, i would like a 4 star guesthouse that is moderately priced with wifi included.
i don't care about the area so much, i just need free wifi and to know whether they have free parking.
how many star does it have?
not at the moment. but i do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge on sunday leaving after 12:00 noon.
can you give me the price for the train leaving at 12:09?
ok, and what was the address of the acorn guest house?
i also need a train leaving sunday after 12:00
i need to get out of the city on friday, can you find me a train?
i would like to depart from cambridge.
no, we are going to norwich and need to leave after 14:15.
yes, please. i need 1 ticket.
i also need to find a restaurant in the west with a moderate price range.
do you have any options in the west with greek food?
how about one that serves british food?
yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 10:00.
i will be dining there on friday.
that is all i will need, thank you. bye.
hi, i'm looking for a nightclub located in the east.
no that's ok. is there anything in the east in the category of multiple sports?
can i get their telephone number?
i also need their address.
i also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. i prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. it will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from monday.
yes please, and can you send me the reference number once the booking is complete?
thanks. i need help with one more thing, a taxi to travel from the hotel.
between the hotel and the arcon guest house.
oh sure, i would like to leave the hotel by 9:45.
thanks so much. that's all i need today.
i need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.
i would like it to be in the east.
i need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on thursday. can you please book that for me?
thanks, i also need a train from cambridge starting at 10:30
i need to leave on sunday and my destination is london kings cross.
could you check one more time? i'm departing cambridge and going to london kings cross. i should arrive by 10:30 on sunday.
yes. please book for 7 people.
that is all i need. thank you.
could you help me find the cambridge belfry?
thank you. can you book it for me?
i would like to check in on saturday for 2 nights. there will be 4 of us.
nope, that's all i needed. thank you.
i am looking for places to go when i get to town. are there any good museums?
yes i would prefer to be in the west.
that sounds great. can i get the address and entrance fee?
i am also looking for a place to stay. perhaps 4 stars, and i need wifi.
yes i am looking for a guesthouse in the north. can you book it for 2 nights starting saturday for 1 person?
that sounds like a great place.
no. thank you though, this has been very helpful.
i'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. can you help me?
great! do either one have a 2 star rating?
yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday. can i please have the reference number? thank you for your help.
your booking was successful. can i help you with anything else like restaurants or attractions in the area?
i need a train to cambridge.
i need to depart from london liverpool street, after 15:15. can you tell me how long the travel time is too?
it needs to be on tuesday.
no thanks, group is still deciding on a carpool or a train, but thank you for all of the help.
i do need a train from london liverpool street on tuesday please.
i'd like to book the previously mentioned train that leaves 15:39.
please book for 6 people.
okay. thank you for all your help.
do you have directions to a guesthouse i can rent in the west of cambridge?
a 3 star rating would be perfect.
great, can you help me find some place to go in the centre, maybe a college?
that doesn't actually matter. you can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode
yeah that is fine, can i get their phone number and zip code?
yes, i also need a taxi to go between the two. i want to leave the hotel by 20:45.
that's it for me today. thanks so much! bye!
can you help me find a train going to cambridge departing from norwich?
my meeting is on wednesday.
i would like to arrive by 19:30.
that's all i needed to know about the train. thank you. i'm also looking for a moderately priced place to day with four stars.
the area doesn't matter but make sure its a hotel and not a guesthouse including free wifi.
how about one that is in the cheap price range
that sounds great. please book it for 8 people for 4 nights, starting on wednesday.
that's all i need, thank you so much! have a nice day!
i am looking for a restaurant called saint johns chop house, can you help me find it?
yes. would you be able to book monday at 18:15 for a party of 3?
i'm also looking for places to go while i'm there, preferable something in the west.
any is fine, i'm not picky
how about a museum? and could you provide me with a postcode and phone number please?
thank you so much. that is all i need.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town.
the hotel should be a guesthouse, in the 4 star range
no. do you have any suggestions?
yes, that sounds good. can you book that for wednesday. i have 2 people and want to stay 3 nights.
can we try for 2 nights instead. i'll need the reference number too.
yes, are there any trains leaving town after 13:45 on friday?
i am leaving from cambridge to bishops stortford.
can i have the train id and price for the first train after 13:45?
no thanks, no need to book for now. that is all of the info that i need.
can i have the price as well.
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a entertainment in the south area.
yes, what's their postcode? and while you're at it, maybe their phone number, too.
i was also wondering if you can help me find a restaurant called tandoori palace.
can you give me the postal code for tandoori palace?
no need to book a table at this time. thank you for your help. good bye.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food.
what about international food?
i do not have a preference.
can i get the phone number and postcode, please?
thank you bye bye
i need a train from kings lynn to go to cambridge
saturday and i want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to cambridge
yes, please book for one person.
i'm also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve spanish food
yes please book for 1 at 19:00 on saturday.
that is all i need, thank you. good bye.
hi, i'm looking for a steakhouse, please.
what about asian oriental food?
yes, for four people, on monday, at 15:00.
how about 14:00 instead?
i am also looking for a hotel. can you find the acorn guest house?
no, i would just like a phone number. what area is that in?
great! i'll also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for that reservation.
i will be going from the acorn house to the dojo noodle bar.
that's all. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. i want asian oriental in the expensive price range
let's try the one on the north side of town. i'd like to make reservations, if possible.
i would like the reservation for 5 people at 18:45 on friday.
thanks so much. can you also help me look for a train?
i need to get to cambridge from peterborough by 13:15 on the the same day as my reservation.
yes please. i need 5 tickets.
no, that is all for today. thank you so much for your help!
can you find a restaurant called panahar?
i would like a reservation for 1 person on sunday at 15:00.
i also want a place to go in the centre.
i would like the entrance fee and phone number.
yes what is the attraction type?
that's it! thaaaanks!
can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?
i would like to leave after 16:15 on tuesday.
there is none that leaves earlier? how much will that one cost me?
okay thank you. could you help me find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at?
i need one in the expensive price range that includes free parking.
ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a hotel that matches my other requests.
yes, please. i would like it for thursday for 7 people, 5 nights.
thanks, that's all. goodbye
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food.
is there anything else? give me the address and postcode please.
what is the phone number?
ok thank you good bye
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
no, i dont care about the cuisine.
i need the address.
no. thank you
i am looking for a park to go to.
i would prefer the south side of cambridge.
yes. please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for the sheep's green, please.
thank you. i'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. i'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 2 stars.
do they have free parking?
please do the booking for me..two persons
sorry, don't want to book right now. but i do need a taxi to get between the attraction and the hotel.
i need to leave the attraction by 11:30.
just me, thank you.
thank you, that is all i need for to today.
i am looking for fitzbillies in cambridge.
awesome. what price range is that in?
what area is that in?
don't book it but can you send me their full contact info? thanks.
thanks, i'm also looking for a place to stay in the north area with wifi.
yes cheap please.
book 4 star one. for 5 people, 3 nights, tuesday.
nope thats everything thanks
hi, i need to take a train on sunday that leaves after 08:45.
i'm departing from cambridge and need to go to leicester.
yes, that will work. please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and i.
i'm also looking for information on the huntingdon marriott hotel.
that's perfect, thanks!
no, i just need their address.
could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.
i have no preference, but the place does need to include free parking.
yes. i need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving friday night and departing wednesday morning.
no, but i need a place that has free wifi and i would also like a reference number for the booking, please.
i guess you can try for four nights.
yes, i am also looking for places to go in town specifically a college.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food!
i don't care.
what is their address and phone number?
is bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range?
can i get the postcode?
what is the address and phone number?
that is all, thank you.
i need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking.
i would like to be in the north area.
are there any guesthouses with free wifi?
oh, cool. it really doesn't matter. which would you recommend?
how much per night?
ok, i don't need a room right now, but can i have the post code and phone number for acorn?
thanks! that's all i needed today. bye!
i'm looking for a 4-star place that's moderately priced.
the east would be best.
i do need free wifi.
no. i may decide later. could i get the address though.
no i think that will be all, thanks.
hi! do you have any indian food on the east side?
no, i do not, any place will do. i'd like to find a table for three at 12:45 on monday.
ok, how about 11:45, also i would like to know the name of the restaurant.
okay that is wonderful. that is all i need.
no, that's all i need, thank you for your help.
hello, i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food.
can i have the asian oriental type of food then ?
do you have an address?
may i have the postcode please?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and am interested in local restaurants.
i am looking for a train.
i need to go to kings lynn on thursday.
i need a 5:00 pm departure time thank you
yes, can i have the train id and travel time, please?
no need to book it, but i would like to find a gastropub restaurant in the east please.
yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 11:15 on thursday.
that is all i need today.
yes, i need a train departing from kings lynn.
i'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after 14:30 and arrive at cambridge.
no. the train should leave on sunday as i said.
yes please. i need 7 seats.
i also need a cheap place to eat in the center of town.
no. could you pick something you like for me?
can you get me a table for 7? my group will probably head there at 17:00 on the same day.
that is perfect. that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a train going to cambridge.
i want to leave from london liverpool street on tuesday.
i would like to arrive by 9:30.
just one. what is the price to book the train?
alright, thanks. i'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is hamilton lodge.
does the hamilton lodge include free parking?
yes, thank you.
actually, i don't need the room booked. i think we're all set here. have a good day.
i want to eat fine british food.
i like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre.
sounds great. please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on friday and give me the reference number.
no, i think that covers everything. thanks so much for your help!
hi i'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially museums on the west side
yes and could like to get the post code
that sounds nice. also, can you give me information about the lensfield hotel?
i actually need a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights on wednesday
that is everything i need.
i've heard about a hotel called kirkwood house, but the only thing i know about it is the name. can you tell me more?
thank you. i would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from monday at the kirkwood house hotel.
how about for just one night instead?
i am also looking for a nightclub in the centre of town.
sure, can i get the postcode, entrance fee and phone number please?
i also need a taxi to get between the two places. i want to leave by 16:15.
yes. can i get a contact number and car type?
no, that will be all. thank you!
hello, i am looking for a four star hotel on the north side
not really, and i'm not really concerned with wifi either. which one do you recommend?
what is the hotel's rating?
actually, could you double check whether the acorn has free wifi?
yes, please do. i'll be arriving thursday. they'll be 6 of us, and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
ok, can you please pay attention to my questions? i need a room, please.
no that will be all. thanks!
hi, i am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when i visit cambridge next month. are there any good ones?
yes, i'd like to find a japanese place in the centre.
yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on monday.
yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?
as long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. i want its postcode and entrance fee as well
thank you very much. actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?
i need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.
it has been a pleasure talking to you. you have helped me get all i need. thank you and goodbye.
can you help me find some cheap italian food?
thanks for your help. can i get their phone number and other info as well?
that's, that's all i need. good bye.
hi, i am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
yes, the gonville hotel. can i get the price range, area, and address please?
thank you. could you also give me information about an attraction called the man on the moon?
i need the postcode.
no that takes care of it thank you
that is all i needed today.
i looking for a restaurant in centre.
is that restaurant moderately priced?
i'm looking for a moderately priced european restaurant located near the centre?
please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.
i'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on saturday. i need to go to kings lynn from cambridge please. do you have anything?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
it doesn't need to include internet. does that narrow down the options?
cool. can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?
i'm also looking for a cinema in the west.
do you see any museum instead? can i have the address?
that sounds great. can i also have a taxi leaving at 11:45 from the museum to the hotel?
no that's all i need. thank you very much!
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
that sounds perfect. how much is the entrance fee?
can you also find finches bed and breakfast?
no, that will be all. thank you!
looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food.
will you look for indian food in the east?
perfect! i would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on tuesday
would 15:00 on the same day work?
thanks!
can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?
i'm going to peterborough and want to leave after 12:00.
book the first one for 8 people please.
thank you that is all i need
oh i almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?
yes, i would consider a star rating of 4. can you pick one for me please?
ok and does that have free wifi?
yes please! i want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
that is all for now. thank you so much.
i'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the south.
how about a chinese restaurant?
that sounds good, can i get the address, phone number and price range please?
could i get a price range for the restaurant first? could i also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend?
i'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant. can i get the attraction type and entrance fee?
ok i need to get a taxi
i'm going from the cinema to the restaurant. i want to leave the cinema by 16:30.
it will only be me.
that's going to be it, thanks for your help.
i am looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. could you help me with this?
yes, i would love to have some new zealand cuisine if possible.
how about british food?
no thank you. could i get the phone number and address please?
yes, i'm looking for a museum to go to.
that sounds good, thank you.
that could work. can i get the entrance fee, address, and postcode as well?
no, that's all i needed. thanks! goodbye!
can you help me find a train going to peterborough that leaves after 08:45? thanks!
i am leaving from cambridge on sunday.
i actually need 3 tickets. please provide a reference number.
i am also looking for the hotel a and b guest house.
do they include wifi, and can i get the postcode and phone number?
hello, i'm looking for attractions in the west, can you help me out?
i don't have a preference. can you make a suggestion and provide the address?
i'm also need a restaurant that serves indian food.
i'd like it to be an expensive place in the west, please.
yes, there will be 8 of us on thursday at 13:15.
great, that's all i needed!
i'm looking for the cambridge arts theatre
what is their phone number and what side of town are they on?
i'm also looking for a restaurant called royal spice. can you find it?
book a table for 3 people at 15:30 on monday
no, that's all i need. thank you.
thank you! that's all i needed for today!
goodbye. take care.
i want some mexican food.
i want a restaurant in the centre and serves asian oriental food? what is the phone number?
i don't care.
what is the phone number?
no, thank you, that's all i need. thank you and goodbye!
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in when i visit next month.
does it have 3 stars? i'd like my lodgings to be 3-star rated, please. i'm quite particular. i also will require free parking and internet.
could i book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting tuesday?
could we try 2 nights.
no,that is all thanks.
oh sorry i still want to look for a train from cambridge to kings lynn which leaves at 21:15 thursday.
i don't need tickets right now, but can you tell me the train id for the 22:58 train, please?
no, that is all, thank you again.
i'm looking for a place to stay that's moderately priced and has a three-star rating.
i would prefer something in the north part of town.
it doesn't matter with internet. i need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on wednesday, is that possible at all?
could you try the booking for only four nights and see if it works?
yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
could you try four nights?
yes, i also need to find a place for us to dine, in the same area of town, please.
ok, thank you. will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the nirala on wednesday?
i will also need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant. can you book that for me?
fantastic, thank you, that will be all.
can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves turkish food?
sure. i'd like a table for 2 at antolia on thursday at 13:45.
i am also looking for a moderate priced guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.
i would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 15:00 on monday.
yes, i am also looking for a hotel. i think it is called the cambridge belfry.
first can you give me the postcode, star rating, and a more specific price range?
well thank you very much. i think that's all i need for now!
i need to find a cheap restaurant on the north side
does either have availability for a table for 5 people on wednesday at 18:45?
no thank you that will be all
i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves polish food.
how about a portuguese one?
yes, please.
i need a place to eat that serves sea food.
that works. then i'd to book for seven people at 11:00 on friday
ok, could i get the reference number for that reservation please?
could you try the same requirement for wednesday?
i also need a train to london kings cross, on thursday.
as long as it is departing from cambridge and arriving before 14:00, i am good with that train. i am needing to book for 7 people please.
no that's all thanks!
i need help finding a train departing from cambridge and going to leicester. can you help?
i would like to go on monday in the morning.
oh, i need to change the day to friday for the train to leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45. do you have something on that day?
yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.
no, i also need to find a place to stay. i'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
no, i don't have a preference on location.
that would be great, thanks. we'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from sunday.
no thank you that is all i needed.
i need a place to stay. something moderately priced, with free wifi.
does the acorn guest house also offer free parking?
yes would you reserve andd book it for me with a confirmation number ?
i need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting sunday.
yes please. i need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves swiss food.
can we try for one that serves indian food instead?
yes, book a table for 3 at 11:30 on the same day if you can.
thanks for your help today.
i'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre. can you suggest something for me?
what is the entry fee?
that would be great. can you also give me the postcode?
yes can you give me information on express by holiday inn cambridge?
yes please, i'll be arriving on saturday with my lady friend and staying 2 nights.
nope. that is all i needed. thanks.
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
no, thank you! i am looking for a train that departs on monday, though. can you please help me with that?
i want to leave from cambridge traveling to norwich, arriving by 18:30.
yes i am looking for a particular restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.
what's the food type?
no, that is all the information i need. thank you.
i need a place to go which is the type of a college.
sure, can you give me the address for that? you said it is in the west, right?
yes, i need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse in the northern area of town?
i would like it to be expensive please
are there any in the moderate price range?
i'd prefer it to have wifi, parking it doesn't really matter.
sounds great, can you book it on sunday for 2 nights for 2 people?
i would also like to book a taxi from the college to the guesthouse. can you help with that?
i want to leave the college by 21:15 please.
great!! thank you for all your help.
yes, i need to take a train from kings lynn on monday, can you help me?
i need to arrive in cambridge by 16:00. what are my options?
can i have the price, travel time, and departure time for the tr1863, please?
thanks. i'm also looking for peking restaurant.
thank you! will you please book a table for 4 people at 20:30 on the same day?
that will be all. thank you.
i am looking for a pricey place to stay. please help me if you can.
i want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star hotel that also has free wifi. do you have any suggestions?
can you please book it for me?
i want to book it for 4 nights on a thursday for 7 people. can i have the reference number?
i am also looking for a place to dine near the hotel.
i'd like an indian restaurant in the expensive range in the south please.
yes, please. it'll be for the same seven people at 12:45 on the same day.
yes, i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
thanks. i didnt realize the time. i need to go. but thanks for everything. bye.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. where would you recommend?
any part but should have free parking and moderately priced. should also be a star of 4
do you have any thing that is not a guesthouse in other areas?
yes. monday, two nights three people.
do you have any of the guesthouses in the centre?
it doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! i'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 4 stars, and in the moderate price.
yes please. there's 3 of us and we want to check in on monday and stay for just 2 nights
yes, i'm trying to plan a trip to cambridge. can you please tell me about things to do in town?
yes, i'd like to find something to do in the centre of town.
sound great. also looking for a place to stay near there.
i'm specifically looking for a hotel please.
that's fine. i need it for 2 nights starting from saturday.
just me - i'm traveling solo.
i would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. can you help me?
are any of the options guesthouses with 4 stars?
can you book that one for 4 nights starting on wednesday?
yes there will be one guest. i will need the hotel reference number. i also need a train that arrives by 20:30 and leaves on sunday
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on sunday. i need to arrive at or just before 20:30.
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 20:30
i will need to leave by 17:00.
great, that will work for me. i need 1 ticket please and the reference number.
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
i want to find a cheap italian restaurant. can you help me out?
okay, pick one for me please. it should be in the west.
yes, please. can you reserve a table for 1 on sunday at 19:30 please?
no thank you. not at this time.
hold on. i also need a hotel. can you help? something in the same price range and area as the restaurant.
how many stars is it and can you give me the phone number?
perfect, thanks so much for your help today, that's everything i needed.
i am looking for information on the leverton house hotel
thank you for your help. that's all i need.
hi, i need a hotel with wifi, please.
what is the price range for this hotel?
hi. could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food?
how about something in the centre of town
the bedouin serves catalan cuisine?
oh okay. i must have been mistaken. let's try something that has italian, is expensive and in the centre of town.
sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on wednesday, and i'll need a reference number please.
thank you so much!
i'd like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town. can you help me find one?
moderately priced.
yes please give me the phone number and address of it .
no, thank you goodbye
bye!
i need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town
no, i do not have a preference.
yes, we would like a reservation for wednesday.
for 3 people, at 11:30 please.
i'm looking for information on worth house.
i want to book worth house for 3 people for 4 nights starting on wednesday.
i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the hotel.
i'd like it to go from the worth house to the prezzo. it can pick me up any time, as long as it arrives by the booked time.
i think that is all i need. have a nice day.
i am looking for a hotel to stay at in cambridge. can you recommend a place on the east side?
does it have free wifi and parking?
could you please provide me the phone number of the hotel?
i am also looking for a train on saturday.
from cambridge to norwich.
i need to leave after 8:15, please. i also need the travel time for that
no, i think i can do that myself. thank you for all your help today.
you too, thanks!
hi, i am looking for information on places to go in town. can you suggest some things?
i would like to visit a college in the centre of town please.
what is the address for that?
yes, i am looking for a restaurant someone recommended. it's called la raza? do you have any information on that?
do you have the postcode for that?
that's all i need for now thanks for your help.
can you help me find a british restaurant in the centre?
anything is fine. i need a reservation for 2 at 11:15 on monday.
thank you so much for your help.
can you please give me some information about downing college?
yes, can you tell me how much is the entrance fee?
sweet, i will head there now. thank you that is all i need, you have rocked my world.
no, that's all i needed. thanks again.
i would like to visit something like a museum, no specific part of town.
that sounds great. can i please have the phone number?
yes i need to find a guesthouse, prefer with a 4 star rating.
if you could just pick one, it does not have to have free parking. maybe close to the broughton house gallery.
that sounds great! could i get the area and phone number of the bed and breakfast?
nope that'll be it. thanks.
i need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.
sorry, i should mention that i'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. would the el shaddai still be appropriate?
yes. please book a stay for 7 people. we need to stay 3 nights, starting on thursday.
can i try to book for 1 night then?
could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant saffron brasserie from the hotel?
no thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 15:15 on thursday?
on second thought, i do want to book a taxi to saffron brasserie in time for my table. can you provide the contact number and car type?
no, that's all. thank you!
i want a restaurant in the north part of town.
i want a restaurant that is moderately priced.
what is their address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking.
i would like to stay in the centre in the expensive price range.
im sorry. the area and price range do not matter. i need a 3 star guesthouse with free wifi please.
hi, i'd like to book a taxi. could you help me find a reasonable price?
i'm sorry, i would actually like a restaurant in the centre that serves afghan food.
how about a chinese restaurant?
a cheap price range.
may i have the address for the charlie chan restaurant?
yes, can you please book a table for four at 4pm.
can you book me for tuesday please?
great, i am also looking for a train from stevenage into cambridge.
do you have a train that leaves after 09:00 by chance?
not at this moment. can you tell me the travel and arrival time?
thank you! that's all i needed today. bye!
im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please.
i am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the guesthouse style.
i definitely want the four star in a guesthouse style, not a hotel. would you check again, please.
no, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning saturday
thank you so much for your help
no thank you that is all i needed.
find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.
wednesday, please. any time after 08:00.
yes, i would like a ticket just for myself.
thank you. please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the west side
check first if it has free parking and should have a star of 4
okay, go ahead and book a room. it's just for me.
please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on monday.
i need a cheap four star room.
no but i need it to include free parking.
do all 8 places have the internet?
can you suggest one for me? i need the hotel type, phone number, and whether it has internet or not.
i also need a train on saturday that departs from cambridge.
i'm heading to leicester. i need to get there by 21:00.
if i could get the train that arrives closest to 21:00 please.
yes that would be great if you could book train tr6034 for me. thank you.
that is all i need, thank you.
hi, i'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?
yes. i would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on saturday.
yes thank you.
no thank you.
hi, i am interested in finding a place to dine on the west side of town.
i'd like it to be expensive british food. any suggestions?
yes, a table for 8 people on saturday at 18:15. please provide a reference number, thank you!
thanks! i'm also looking to visit a museum in town.
i do not care about what type of museum or where it is at. what is your recommendation?
thank you so much for choosing for me - really took the stress out of this trip! i think that's all i need.
i am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. what is available?
how about some thai food?
yes please. can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on wednesday?
could we try for 14:00 instead?
alright, awesome! could you also try to find a specific college i'm looking for? it's called saint john's college.
can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 14:00? please include the contact number and car type.
i want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. can you confirm?
okay, thank you. that's all i need today.
i'm hoping to book a train.
i'm going to ely from cambridge on sunday. thank you.
i would like to arrive by 20:15.
do you have something that leaves later but still makes the arrival time?
give me the arrival time and train id of the earlier train. also find me a cheap restaurant that serves north american food if available or indian food.
yes, any you choose will be fine. i'll need to book a table for the same day, at 15:30, and it will just be me.
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
no,i am actually looking for information about trains going from cambridge to norwich on sunday.
arrive by 11:30.
yes, please book 3 tickets.
great i'm also looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range with free parking.
i would lkle to stay in the north please.
could you try a cheap one then?
i need a cheap guesthouse in the north. i'm looking for information not reservations.
could you tel me the star of the hotel?
great, thank you for your help. goodbye
i'd like some information on places to go in town. i'd like to go to a museum with free admission. can you make a suggestion? please provide phone number.
i don't really have a preference. are there any art museums?
yes. i need a place to stay with free wifi
it should be in the expensive price range. free parking and should have a star of 4
no just give me the address please.
thank you. that is all i needed.
i'm looking for some romanian food around here.
ok, let's try to find an asian oriental restaurant.
i need a cheap price range.
yes i need a reservation for 6 people at 17:30 on a saturday.
i need a confirmation number too thank you
i am also looking for a train i'd like the train to arrive by 14:15 and to be here on saturday.
i need to depart leicaster and arrive in cambridge 14:15 on saturday. i'll just need the travel, no booking.
yes. can i get the travel time?
thanks! i guess that's all i need. have a good one. bye.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
i would like italian food.
yes, what is their phone number and where are they located at?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the expensive price range.
no. i need something in the centre.
yes, please book for 6 people at 11:00 on tuesday. can i get a reference number?
hi. i'm looking for something to do. are there any entertainment attractions in the south part of town?
could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?
thank you. i am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. it does not need internet. can you help with that?
no, and it also does not need free parking.
i will stay in the west area of town.
okay, i will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from sunday.
yes, i would also like a taxi to take me between the marriot and the museum.
oh, sorry! i would like to leave the museum by 11:15.
thank you for all your help. i am all set now.
i need to book a train for 18:45 that leaves cambridge.
norwich is my final destination.
i will be traveling on friday.
actually, i wasn't very clear before. i apologize. i need to arrive in cambridge by 18:45.
yes, i think it will. how long is the trip and how much will it cost me?
just the one
yes, i'm also looking for a place to dine. should be in the west and preferably in the expensive range.
steakhouse please.
yes, could you see if there is one that serves british food instead?
could i please have the address and postal code?
no that was it thank you very much.
thanks, you to. good bye.
my friends told me to look into a restaurant called the gandhi, could you please give me some information on it?
thank you. and about how much is dinner there?
not at the moment, but i need some info on cherry hinton water play.
no, that is all the information i need at this time. thank you.
i'm looking for the huntingdon marriott hotel.
yes for one guest, for nights starting with tuesday.
no sorry i meant 2 nights.
yes, i'm looking for a museum near the centre.
can you give me the phone number please?
i'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. i want to leave the hotel by 19:00. book it please and give me the contact number and car type
no, that will be all. thank you very much for your help.
i'm looking for something to do tonight. maybe the theatre?
can you give me any one in the centre, and give me phone number and postcode?
that is great can you also find me a hotel with a 0 star in the same area as the theatre
no, i do not need parking but need wifi while in the hotel.
ok thank you, i would like the room for thursday.
i don't have a preference, please just pick one.
three, nights and three people, from thursday on.
fantastic, i'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations, please.
i need to leave the hotel by 23:30. can you please give me the contact number and car type for the taxi?
no that is all thank you
i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. what is the phone number?
is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town?
what is the phone number of that one please?
what is the phone number?
that is all. thank you.
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves high chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors.
i don't have a preference on the area. can you make a suggestion?
that sounds fine, can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on wednesday please?
can i get the phone also please?
yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town.
i will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.
what is cambridge artworks address?
and can you give me the postcode?
yes i still need a taxi please.
well to commute between places.
that takes care of my needs. thank you, bye!
hi, i'd like to find a cheap italian restaurant, please.
i prefer the north area of town.
yes, please make one for 7 people at 17:45 on thursday.
sounds good. could you also help me find a cinema in the same area?
darn! i really wanted to go to the cinema. is there a park located in that area?
can i get their address please?
what is the entrance fee?
i'd also like a taxi. i'd like to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, please.
thank you, you've been very helpful! that's all i'll need today!
i am looking a restaurant in the centre cambridge area that serve gastropub food.
moderate price range.
that would be great. can you make if for a party of 6 on tuesday at 15:30?
i can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. nil is such a creative name for a restaurant!
i also need a place to stay, moderately price, centre area, doesn't matter whether or not it has wifi.
oh yessiree, tuesday 6 people and 5 nights please
does it have free wifi?
can you book for 2 nights>
i will also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant and hotel.
i want to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with spanish food.
can you tell me what area of town it is located?
thank you goodbye.
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.
it should be in the east area and serve south indian food.
i would like something cheap please?
how about a restaurant that serves chinese food?
i really wanted south indian food in the easy. are there any choices regardless of price?
yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on sunday.
thanks. can you also find lodging for me? i am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.
no any one will do. what ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.
could you please give me their address?
can i get a taxi from university arms hotel to curry prince by 17:45?
thank you so much. that's all i need today.
hello, i am planning my trip to cambridge and need some help finding places to go in town when i get there.
i'm looking for a theatre.
can you give me the address to the one in the south please?
yes, do you have information on the cambridge belfry?
what is the address of the cambridge belfry, please?
can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? i would like to leave the theatre by 10:45.
thank you, that's all i needed today.
can you help me find a place to stay? i want somewhere in the east.
we need it to have free wifi.
cheap, please. i want to save some money. but i also want it to be a 4 star.
i just need their postcode and address.
i would also like some cheap italian food.
thanks and make sure you get the reference number
i'm sorry, i got ahead of myself. i need a table for 6 on monday night, at 14:30
ok. could you find another restaurant that serves italian food that is in the cheap range?
thanks, you've been a huge help! i don't need anything more today! bye!
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.
internet is not necessary. but can you see if there is one in the west part of town and i would prefer a guesthouse.
yes, i need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting monday. please include the reference number for the booking.
yes, i am also looking for places to go in town while we are visiting the area. do you have anything of concert halls around the area? we love those.
yes, please, what is the phone number?
ok, perfect. thanks!
what trains leave london liverpool street and go to cambridge?
yes, sometime after 09:15.
i'll go with the 9:39.
i think i forgot to add that i will need the booking for 3 people please. will you modify the booking for me?
please modify the booking for three people please.
i need a reference number for the train. then i need to find a moderate italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on saturday, and a reference number.
yes i think that would be good. is that available at 4:30 pm?
i am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.
thank you that is all the info i need.
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the west side of town
how about a restaurant that serves british food?
a moderate price range, please.
no, i just need an address with postcode and phone number.
no, you have been a great help. thank you.
i am looking for a specific hotel
yes.its name is bridge guest house.
yes, for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday.
how about for sunday?
great, thanks for your help.
you can end this conversation now
i would like to go to a college in the north.
actually, i was hoping you could help me. i am looking for colleges to visit in the north part of town.
oh okay. how about a swimming pool instead?
either is fine. i need the postcode for the pool. then i need to find a hotel.
how much is admission to the pool?
i need somewhere to stay in the north. with free parking and 4 stars.
as long as it has 4 stars and free parking and in the same area as the swimming pool. i need price range, postcode and phone number
thank you so much!
that's all for now. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range.
the centre.
yes, please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday.
is that in the same area and price range. i really want to make sure.
thanks so much
no that is everything i needed today.
help me find something fun to do in the centre.
sure! can i get the address?
yes i will appreciate.
thanks. i am also looking for a restaurant that serves seafood. i'd like it to be in the expensive price range.
is the loch fyne in the same area as the vue cinema?
yes please book that for 4 people at 20:00 on wednesday.
no thanks. that looks like everything. have a good day. bye.
i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.
let's try the one in the south. are there openings on tuesday?
it will be at 15:30 on tuesday and there will be 4 people.
how about 14:30 instead?
yes i am also looking for a train that leaves on wednesday after 08:30 that departs from cambridge and goes to kings lynn.
yes, i need four tickets please.
no that is all.
hi i would like to find a place to stay that has a guesthouse and free parking.
can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? i need a 4-star guesthouse with parking.
book it for 4 people staying for 2 nights and give me the reference number.
monday, please
also on monday i am looking for a train destined for cambridge. i need to depart at 21:00 from the stevenage.
before we continue, i need the reference number for my hotel booking.
so is there any train on monday?
are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on monday leaving at 21:00? that is what i'd prefer.
i suppose, please give me a price and train id.
one ticket, please.
no that will be all for today. thank you!
is there anywhere that serves british fish and chips around here?
i'd like something downtown and moderately priced
any area is fine, really. it should be moderately priced however.
east, please.
yes, i would like the address and phone number, please.
thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking to have some european food tonight for dinner. something very traditional in the centre of town should be good. can i get a list of options?
please provide postcode and address for eraina.
no, that's it. goodbye!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.
the location and price range don't matter to me. i want a guesthouse with 4 stars.
sure, that sounds fine, as long as you're sure it has free parking.
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting thursday and get me the reference number please
and the reference number ?
thank you. i'd also like to find a cinema in the west side of town. do you know of any in that area?
let's try for a museum in the west instead
that works, can you please provide the address for me?
yes. i would like a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.
i'd like to leave the hotel by 10:30.
no that's all i need. have a good night.
i am leaving tuesday and need to take a train from cambridge to ely
i need the train to arrive by 11:15.
when does that train depart?
great. i'm not ready to book today though. i am also looking for a place to stay.
i don't know where i am staying. i'm looking for a guesthouse and i thought you could help.
i would like the expensive price range.
if you can't find a guesthouse, could you look for a hotel?
i would prefer the south. are there any in that area?
please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday. make sure you get the reference number
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
i actually need a train leaving kings lynn on wednesday.
i want to leave on wednesday after 09:30. i need seats for 6 people and the reference number please.
we need to go to cambridge.
yes and please include a reference number
i also need a place to dine. can you help me?
yes, we love korean food and want to try the expensive price range, please.
sure, please book that for 6 people at 17:30 on wednesday.
could you try monday then?
could you try monday @ 19:30 please?
pardon? were you able to reserve our table, please?
no, could you try that restaurant for later that evening?
i don't think so.
thank you for your help. good bye!
hi i'm excited to try an international restaurant in the centre, are they are i can go to?
the varsity restaurant sounds good. could you book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday?
thanks! i also need a train from cambridge to london liverpool street.
i will be traveling on sunday.
i need that leaves after 15:15.
that is very ok
7 tickets please and i'll also need to get a reference number from you, just in case
no. i think you've met all of my needs today. thank you.
hi! i need a place to stay in the centre of town.
expensive price range would be just fine.
before i book can i confirm that it includes free wifi and free parking?
yes, please book for me now.
i'm looking for info about riveboat georgina
that's all i needed thanks.
actually, can you help me find a restaurant? an expensive one in the west.
no that doesn't sound good, i need one that serves north african food.
can you search for one that has british food then?
i will take graffiti. can you make a reservation for tuesday for 8 people at 14:30 please?
i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves cantonese food.
how about chinese type of food?
their phone number please.
what is the area?
thank you for your help. good bye.
hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called jesus green outdoor pool, please?
that is the full address that you mentioned?
yes i'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.
i'd like an expensive world food restaurant.
how about one that serves gastropub food instead?
is it expensive?
that sounds good. can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on friday, please?
great! i also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.
i need a taxi to take me to the hotel from the airport now, can you give me the number to call?
never mind. i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. it must be in the north and 4 stars.
okay great. could i have their postcode and phone number?
yes i am looking for information on the sesame restaurant and bar.
i need a taxi to commute between the two places. i want to leave the restaurant at 15:45. can i get the phone number and type of car?
ok, great. thank you very much for your help.
no, that is all. thank you.
hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? thank you
i would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead.
there area does not matter, but i prefer a four star guesthouse.
please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday/
yes i also need a train. i'm planning to travel from cambridge to stevenage on friday.
i would like to arrive by 11:00.
9:21 works perfectly, can i have a reference number for that as well?
that is all i need good bye.
i need information about trains leaving from cambridge and going to bishops stortford.
i will be traveling on sunday.
i need one that leaves after 17:15
yes, i need two seats please. can you give me the reference number after they are booked?
i need to find a hotel too.
it should include free parking. the hotel should have a star of 2.
i'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.
i don't have a preference just 2 stars please.
the ashley hotel sounds good. i need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting tuesday.
no i'd like you to book the ashley hotel for 5 nights starting on tuesday.
there will be five of us.
yes, can you find me a restaurant for friday night of that week?
i'm interested in asian food.
oh, never mind the restaurant. i'll book it myself. did i say 5 people at the hotel? i'm sorry, i meant 2.
can you provide the reference number?
thank you that will be all i need.
i am coming to cambridge and would like some type of entertainment while visiting.
that sounds great, but come to think of it i should try something close to our hotel in the centre. anything there?
could i have the address and phone number of the funky fun house and is this a nightclub?
can you find me some information on alexander bed and breakfast?
yes that is perfect can you book that?
i am coming in on friday. i want to stay for 3 nights with 8 people.
thanks so much. have a great day. goodbye
i am planning a trip in cambridge and needs a train that will depart from cambridge on monday. can you help me book for one?
i'm trying to get to peterborough
i need to arrive in peterborough by 15:30.
can you tell me the travel time and price?
great i also need a place to stay with free wifi in the cheap price range
hi, i need a train from stansted airport that arrives by 14:30. can you help?
yes i will traveling to cambridge and want to arrive by 14:30.
could you please tell me the price and travel time of that train?
i also need a place to stay. i need a hotel that is 4 star and of moderate price.
i would like a hotel to the north that is a guesthouse, please.
can you reserve us some rooms? we're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 3 nights, starting sunday. can you check that the train is also on sunday?
thank you, that was all i needed
hi, i would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please.
how about a restaurant that services chinese food?
i don't care about the price range. can you just pick a good one for me?
yes, sounds good. please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on saturday.
is 11:15 on saturday available?
nothing else. i look forward to the meal. thank you for all your help.
i need a place to stay
i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.
okay. do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?
can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from sunday?
i would like something fun to do in the middle of town.
i'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.
how about a college instead?
great. can you get me a taxi to the college.
i want to leave from the college by 21:45.
no, that'll be it for me. bye
i need a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse and i would like the place to have a 1 star rating.is anything like that available?
i don't think so. how about one with a 4-star rating then?
not at the moment. i'd just like to know about the parking, price range, and phone number, please?
awesome, thanks. i'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday after 13:15.
i am departing from standsted airport and would like to go to cambridge.
let's go with 13:24. please give me the arrival time and train id.
that is all for tonight. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for a train out of cambridge.
i am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 14:45.
i would like that to be for wednesday and i will need tickets for 3 people please.
yes please, for 3 people. i also need to know if the restaurant la minosa is still open.
can you book the la mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on wednesday?
thanks so much. have a great day! goodbye
while in cambridge i need to find a restaurant called the rice boat.
yes please, i need a table for 6 on sunday at 17:45.
i'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the south.
can you try in the north then?
is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? i need a hotel for the same group of people for 5 nights starting the same day.
could you try to book us there for 4 nights instead?
the lovell lodge sounds nice. please try for 5 nights but we can settle with 4 if we need to.
oh sure, it's for 5 nights starting sunday for 6 people please.
can you try the other hotel then?
can you try booking for 4 nights instead?
thank you very much! that was everything i needed. take care and have a great day.
i'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.
i would like lebanese food.
yes, i want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday.
no, i think that's all i need. thank you!
hi. can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ? i'd like it to be on the east side of town if possible.
can you help me find some chinese food then?
what is the address, phone number, and postcode?
thank you, goodbye.
i need to get to cambridge on sunday. can you find me a train from kings lynn please?
i need to leave after 15:00.
yes. please book that for 3 people.
i am also looking for a hotel on the north side of town with a 1 star rating
i do not have a preference on price, but it must include free parking.
if there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 4
huh. that's odd. i was told there was a good one.
i really would prefer a 4 star hotel. can you please look again on the north side?
sure, i'll need it for the same group of people for 3 nights.
would you like me to book it for you ?
ok, can you book for same group of people 3 nights starting on same day?
you have helped me with everything i need today. thank you! that will be all.
i am looking for a good hotel in north cambridge.
does it have a 4 star rating? i would like a place with four stars?
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from thursday.
i would also like more info about pizza hut in the city center.
yes, i want a reservation for thursday at 19:30 and 5 people. give me the reference number please.
yes, i will need a taxi to go between the two places.
depart the hotel and arrive at restaurant by booked time. i need car type and contact info
thank you very much.
i need a train leaving cambridge after 21:15.
i would like to travel on saturday and go to leicester.
yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?
wonderful. can you tell me if a and b guesthouse is still around?
can get some detailed information on this place?
can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode? i need to check on a few things.
i'm looking for a decently priced guesthouse i can stay at for the day.
how about a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse?
yes please. i need it for 3 nights starting on wednesday. there will be 7 people.
i'm looking for an attraction called riverboat georgina.
could you tell me what the entrance fee is?
i thought someone provided the entrance fee for me before but i just can't remember. are you sure it's not listed?
well, okay then, i guess there's nothing else. have a good day.
yes you have. thank you. goodbye.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant with chinese food.
south part of town.
yes, what is their phone number and address?
excellent. thanks a lot. i think that's everything i need.
i would like to find a certain restaurant called the maharajah tandoori restaurant. can you find it for me?
great. can you make me a reservation for 5 people at 14:30 on wednesday.
thanks so much. i'm also looking for a place to stay.
well i would like it to be moderately priced, 4 stars and include free wifi and include free parking.
surely there's got to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the cambridge area that offers free parking and internet. can you please check again?
it doesn't matter just book a room for 3 nights i'll need the reference number then too please
no thanks that's all i need for now. thank you for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves malaysian food and is in the cheap price range.
how about vietnamese food, please?
that sounds great! may i have their phone number please?
okay, thank you for your help!
i want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking.
north part of town,please.
lets go with the worth house please. can i get it for 5 nights starting monday for 6 people please
that would be fine, but please stay in the same price range
no that will be all thanks for your help.
i need a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. can you help me?
i want to leave on saturday and should arrive by 18:00, i have a doctors appointment to see to.
yes what is the price, departure time, and travel time?
yes, i'll also need a place to stay in the south and would prefer a guesthouse.
no specific price range, but i do need free parking.
yes, please. i would like to book for two nights and two people starting saturday.
how about for just two nights 4 people at rosa's bed and breakfast?
i would like to try for 2 nights since there is no space and i want it for 4 people please.
let's try a different guesthouse in the south, then.
do either of them offer free parking?
can you book one for 4 people for 4 nights starting tuesday please.
yes, can you try 2 nights please?
thank you, that is everything i need.
you are welcome, enjoy your trip.
nope that is thanks
hi, i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
yes, i would like it to have free wifi.
do they offer free wifi or free parking?
great. please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
sure, how about two nights?
thanks. i'm also interested in going to the chiquito restaurant bar. can you make a reservation there?
for 5 people on wednesday please. could you also provide the reference number.
it will be for 11:00 on the same day
could you also get me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?
thank you for all of your help.
no, i am all set. good bye.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
i am open as far as price range, but i would love a 4 star place.
no, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. can you please check your system again? thanks
perhaps there is a guestroom?
no i need the north. is there anything else available in the north?
hi, i am looking for a restaurant. i would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.
is there a british one available?
i am looking for some rest as a traveler so i choose travellers rest. there will be four of us for saturday at 11:00. please book.
can you try for 10:00 please?
i would also like to find a college to visit.
is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant travellers rest? i will need the college's address and phone number, too.
yes! i would also like to book a taxi.
i would like to be picked up at queen's college on silver street and taken to traveler's west. i want to make the reservation on time.
could you provide a contact number? thanks!
great that is all i needed thank you for your help today.
i'm visiting the area and want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast.
i'm still working out the details for all of that. can you tell me the star rating of the hotel?
yes. i would like to visit a museum while i am there.
what is the postcode, phone number and address of this place?
i also need a taxi that will take me there. i want to leave the hotel by 18:30. i need the contact number and car type of the taxi.
thanks so much, bye
does cambridge have any expensive austalasian restaurants?
i like british also. are there any british restaurants that are expensive?
that doesn't matter. which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on wednesday?
i also need an expensive place to stay.
can you please check the south area first?
yes, i want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. it'll be just 1 person again. please provide a reference number.
yes, i need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 13:30. please give me a car type and contact info
i appreciate all of your help. i'm done for now.
i'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
i need a hotel in the east.
yes that will be fine. book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on wednesday.
okay sure. try another hotel in the same price range.
that was all that i needed, thank you!
i am looking for the warkworth house hotel.
no, i think i would like to book it for myself for 5 nights.
on thursday please. can i have the reference number once it's booked?
sure, as long as it is in the same price range. and can i get the reference number once you book it, please?
no that is all i needed. thank you.
i am looking for a hotel called hobsons house.
excellent. i would like to book a stay for 2 people for 5 nights, please.
i would like my stay to begin on saturday.
i am also looking for a train from cambridge to leicester.
i need to leave after 17:45 on saturday. i need the price, travel time and train id of the route is possible.
perfect, i will take that trip for 30.24 pounds. thank you!
actually, i am not ready to book them. thank you for your help, i am all set. good bye.
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
i will be staying in the south can you book me a room and send me the reference number?
could you look for something in the west?
if it's in the west, i want it to be a 0 star hotel. is it?
can you check for ones in the centre and have free parking?
that should be fine. i also want some other places to go nearby.
i would like a architecture place to visit.
sweet could you give me their phone and address?
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 15:45.
the holy trinity church from the hotel please.
can i have the car type and the phone number for the taxi?
perfect! that's all i need. see you later. bye.
i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by 11:30
i want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on tuesday and cambridge is my destination.
no thank you, but i would like the travel time for this train.
yes but i also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves indian food.
i don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. you can surprise me. i'll need a table for 8 the same day.
that sounds fine. i would like it booked for 17:45 for 8 people please.
i'd like it on tuesday, please.
could you try an hour earlier, then?
great that's all that i need, thank you for your help today.
i need to find an italian restaurant please.
i am so sorry, i would rather have gastropub food, moderately priced please.
location is not a problem. please book me a table for 2 at 1645, wednesday. i'll probably need the reference number, too.
i would also like to visit a college in the centre.
that sounds great, may i have the address?
i do know where that is located. thanks for your help, goodbye!
i'm looking for an australian place to dine in. i need it to be cheap.
are there any that have asian oriental food?
could you book me a table for 4 on friday at 14:00?
no, that should do it. thanks for the help!
i need information about a train.
i need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from leicester to cambridge.
yes, can you please book me for 3 people and get me a reference number?
thanks, i need to find a danish restaurant in the centre of town
how about european food then?
what is the price range for hotel du vin and bistro?
i can't wait to try it. i'm not ready to make a reservation yet. thanks for your help. i'll call back. goodbye.
hello! i'm lookng for someplace to go in the centre.
i would like to visit a museum.
well i also will be needing somewhere to stay. is there a museum located close to a hotel?
first let's work out what attraction i'll choose. can you pick me your favorite in the centre and tell me their address and entrance fee, please?
can you recommend me a hotel with free wifi in the same area?
something cheap with free wifi would be perfect, i'm trying to keep this trip from busting my budget.
yes, please. i need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on wednesday.
no, thank you. i don't have any other questions at this time. goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
i'm not too concerned with location, but i would like it to include internet and have a 4 star rating please.
not really. anything would be fine.
yes, please. i'd like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
yes, how about 3 nights?
thank you so much!
i need place to stay in cambridge. want it cheap with 4 stars.
what are the names of the 2 hotels?
i need one in the east area. is one of them in the east.
what type of hotel is it, and do they have free parking?
no, if you could get me the postcode for allenbell that would be great.
cool. do you happen to know anything about the soul tree nightclub?
i need the postcode and address.
thanks, that's all i need today. you've been a great help. goodbye!
i want to visit some colleges.
i would like it to be in the south.
how about just try looking for any cinemas in the south?
that sounds great! can i have their address and phone number, please?
thanks, i need some info in lovell lodge, specifically price range, address and whether parking is included.
i would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.
the hotel at 23.30 get me the contact number and car type
i need your help in finding a particular restaurant. i don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately i don't even know the food served. i do know the name: cafe uno.
that's it. i want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on saturday.
yes. try the same area and price range.
i am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. i am on a bit of a budget so i need something moderate.
i need one in the centre and has free wifi.
that is all that i need. thank you so much.
i'm needing a place to eat on the eastside.
yes italian food please.
yes, please. i'll be there on tuesday with a party of 4. is there space at 15:00?
yes, is the allenbell hotel still in cambridge?
yes for 4 people staying 5 nights starting tues
no, i'm all good.
thanks so much. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the west and should serve thai food.
yes, please. i would like a reservation for 2 at 19:00 on tuesday. please provide a reference number.
gosh, i'm so sorry! i don't want the reservation for the evening, i want thai food for lunch. do you have a table for 2 at 12:30 on tuesday?
yes. please book a table for two.
thanks! could you help me find a swimmingpool please that is also in the west?
can you try an entertainment attraction instead? thanks.
that sounds great, what is the postcode?
no, i think that is all i need today. thank you for your help.
hi, i am looking for information on place to go.
i would like to go to the centre of town
i would like to go to a college. do you have any colleges in the centre?
that sounds great, what's the postcode please?
i am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.
no can you just recommend your favorite to me please
that sounds great! please book it for thurdsday, at 14:45, and for 3 people.
okay. well, how about 13:45? is that time available?
great, i also need a taxi to go between the two!
no that's everything i needed. have a great night.
before you go--i'm a bit confused. is the taxi picking me up at the college? at what time? i need to make my reservation at 13:45.
okay, thanks. i'm all set. goodbye!
i am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town
hmm, okay. well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. could you recommend one?
sounds good. could i get the phone number?
yes, i would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. parking doesn't matter.
i would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.
is gonville hotel in the town centre?
does the hotel have a star rating of 0?
i need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. for 3 people, 2 nights starting thursday please.
okay let's try that.
how about just one night?
one more thing, i would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i would like the taxi to leave christ's college by 01:30 and take me to the el shaddai.
no, that's perfect. thanks!
can you tell me about the attractions in the center of town?
could you recommend a nice park?
oh, that sounds great. can i get their phone number please?
i am also looking for a hotel called finches bed & breakfast. what is the area, hotel type and price range?
no, that's all for today. goodbye.
hello, i need a train to london kings cross after 21:45, please.
i'm leaving from cambridge on monday.
yes please book it for one person.
im also looking for a restaurant by the name of bedouin.
can you book that for me.
actually can i just have the phone number instead?
no, that's all the information i wanted. thank you so much for all your help.
that should be it. thanks. goodbye.
hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the centre of town, please?
does it include free wifi
i want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights please!
arriving on tuesday
alright, are there any moderately priced indonesian places nearby?
okay, let's try chinese. are there any chinese restaurants in the area that are also moderately priced?
awesome can i get the address please?
ok. i would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at 15:30
yes. i also need a taxi.
i'd like to be picked up at the hotel and arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
thank you for your help!
that's all i will be needing today, thank you.
i need to find a place to go in the west
can you tell me about a couple museums, any type, and let me know the cost.
what is the entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?
i also need a place to eat near the attraction.
thank you! is it a european restaurant?
no i would like to find european restaurant.
is that located in the west? i forgot to mention i wanted to stay close to where the museum is.
just the postcode. thanks for all of your help!
let's see...restaurant, museum...nope. that's everything i need!
i need a train to cambridge
i'm leaving from stevenage and i'll need to leave sometime after 21:15 if possible.
i'm working at leave on wednesday after 21:15
that would be great. i am also looking for a hotel. i would like to stay in the east side of town, and i do not need parking.
no, i need a hotel, not a guesthouse.
the guesthouse will be ok, as long as it's rating is a star of 4.
can i book 4 nights for 6 people on that same wednesday?
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i am looking for a attraction called whipple museum of the history of science.
how much is admission?
yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center
i am interested in italian food. however i just remembered, i need the phone number for whipple museum of history and science please.
there are a couple italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?
i need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30
please reserve the restaurant for saturday at 16:30 for 3 people.
i need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant. please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at clown
that is everything, you were very helpful.
is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town?
italian sounds good. can you give me an address and phone number?
that will do it. goodbye.
hi. i am trying to find some information on a restaurant called india house. have you heard of it?
great can you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday?
sure, let's try for 11:00, same day.
thanks. that covers it then!
i need a place to stay. a guesthouse would be great.
no not necessarily. i would like place moderately priced that includes free wifi and also free parking.
6 people for 5 nights starting saturday please.
may i have the reference code please?
yes, please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a hotel instead of a guesthouse, if possible.
thank you so much for your help.
no, that's all i need. thanks again.
i need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
is it in the north and in the moderate price range?
yes that sounds fine. i'd like a room for next friday and saturday night. can you book that?
i would like to book it for 4 people
yes. a different hotel in the same price range would be fine.
yes, archway house sounds like a good idea. please check.
thank you, that's all i needed today.
i need a train for thursday please. get me one that arrives by 13:45
i'll be heading to cambridge. leaving from stevenage. can you tell me about this?
could you tell me the price for a ticket, and the typical travel time?
thank you! also, can you recommend a moderately-priced vegetarian restaurant, please?
ok, try the asian oriental food then.
sure! i'll need a booking for 5 at 18:45 on thursday.
thank you for your help.
you are doing a great job! that's all i needed.
hi there! i'm searching for a relatively cheap portuguese restaurant here in cambridge, do you have any recommendations?
no, i would like a place that's in the south part of town. is there one of those?
may i have the address and postcode of nandos, please?
can you help me find a train out of cambridge?
i would like to depart on monday and head to birmingham.
actually, i need to leave from cambridge saturday after 09:45 and go to birmingham new street. may i have the arrival time, train id, and price, please?
could i have the arrival time, train id and price for a train leaving as close to 0945 as possible
okay thank you! that's all i need today.
could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
can you tell me a little bit about the acorn first?
no, i don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?
i will take a cheaper one please.
yes, i would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?
i am also looking for a train to cambridge from stansted airport on thursday. i would need to arrive by 14:00.
are there any museums in cambridge?
i'd like information of cambridge museum of technology. what is their phone number please?
can i have their address?
i am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range.
i'm thinking british food. oh, and if it's in the west that'd be even better.
sounds great! i want to book a table for 7 people at 18:30 on wednesday.
i will also need to book a taxi.
i'd like to leave the museum in time to get to the restaurant on time.
what is their contact number?
no that's everything for me. thanks. bye!
i would like a cheap restaurant in the east!
that sounds good. please give me more information.
no but i would like the address and post code please.
thank you very much.
no that's all i needed. thank you!
are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?
i prefer something in the north. and a guesthouse would be better.
no, but free wifi and four star please.
please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from friday.
yes, i'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the north.
let's try the italian one. can i get the postcode and phone number for it, too?
great, thank you for all your help today.
no, that would be all. thanks. bye.
i was hoping to book lodging in the cambridge belfry.
yes, beginning on monday, for 5 people and four nights. thanks!
i also need a train going to stevenage the train needs to arrive by 13:30
friday, going to cambridge. 5 tickets, please.
yes that would do. can you also tell me the travel time?
no. that's all i need for now. thanks.
can you tell me the location of an indian restaurant in the centre?
in the cheap price range.
the gandhi sounds good. can you book that for 2 people please?
i would like the reservation at 14:00 on wednesday.
yes. i need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on thursday.
i just need it to leave after 13:30. can you tell me the train id, price, and travel time for the first train after 13:30?
fantastic. that is all i need.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
it should be in the moderate price range
okay, it needs to be 4 stars. what about guesthouses?
how about a guesthouse instead?
it doesn't matter to me what part of town it's in. what's your favorite?
ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 3 nights starting tuesday?
no. thanks for your help. bye.
i need places to go in town
do you happen to have any entertainment places in the centre of town to visit?
any type will do, as long as its in the centre. can you recommend something?
yes, can i have their address with postcode?
yes, can i please have car type and contact number?
yes, sorry for the confusion. i want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 05:00 and my destination is ballare. please give me car type and contact number
something in the same neighborhood, and that has wifi and parking.
i am looking for a guesthouse if there is one?
yes on friday. i need a taxi too.
i want to leave the hotel by 05:00.
thanks so much you have been a great help to me.
i am looking for activities tomorrow within the town.
no, i was hoping to get some suggestions for places near the center of town.
how about a church? are there any with free admission?
sure, can you recommend me one?
that sounds great! can i get their address and phone? and is there a fee to get in?
thanks. i also need to find a cheap restaurant in the same area.
hmmm...malaysian is sounding pretty good right now.
how about italian, book a table for 5 at 11:30 on tuesday, and i need the reference number
thank you for your help that's all i need today.
i need a train to ely after 08:15, please.
i'd like to leave cambridge on wednesday, please.
i need you to check again. train from ely to cambridge.
sounds great, what is the price and arrival time?
thanks! i'm also looking for someplace to eat in the center of town. something in the moderate price range.
type of food doesn't matter, what would you prefer?
yes, there will be 4 of us on wednesday at 11:00. please book.
awesome, thanks for all your help! good day
i need a place to stay
i need a hotel with free parking
should be in the east with free wifi
yes please book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting on monday.
great, thank you so much. may i also have the reference number once you have booked it?
i need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town.
no.
vietnamese sounds good.
yes please and the address as well.
thank you good bye.
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east.
is there one with unusual food?
ok, tell me whats available in indian food.
yes. give me the address and postcode for one of those, please.
no, that's all the information i need. thanks for your help!
i need help finding a place to eat called curry garden.
yes can i make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on wednesday?
how about a different place to eat in the same area and price range? can you book it and i need the reference number.
wonderful, thank you. that is all i need for today. bye.
what fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town?
do any of them serve chinese food? that's what i'm in the mood for.
yes, the address, postcode and phone number would help.
thank you very much for your help!
no, that's all i need. thanks.
do you have information about attractions in the west?
i don't care as long as it is in the west.
what attraction type is that? i am also interested in finding a restaurant in the west as well.
i would love indian food, preferable in the expensive price range.
yes reserve a table for 1 at 19:30 on sunday please
that's everything i need. thank you for helping me.
i am planning a trip in cambridge looking for a restaurant.
i am interested in indian food in an expensive price range.
sounds great! can i get a table for 4 on saturday?
we would like to dine at 14:00
i also want a train on sunday and should go to peterborough
i'd like to leave after 11:15, please.
no thank you. i just need the travel time please.
that is all i needed. thanks!
i need to book a train to cambridge please and thank you.
i will be traveling on sunday and departing from london kings cross.
i don't have a leave time but i want to arrive by 20:15.
yes, that would be ok with me. how long is the travel time for that train?
no, thank you. i would like to find a place to stay, please.
any area but ut has have free parking and a 1 star
i need free wifi as well.
how about a 4 star hotel?
that sounds great. can you help me book it for 3 nights please?
the same day as the train reservation.
no, unfortunately i'm traveling alone this trip.
how about on saturday?
can we try a different day or a different hotel?
can you book it for 7 people for 3 nights please?
that is correct
can you please try to book for saturday instead?
can you try for saturday?
is there a different 4 star hotel available?
do they have free wifi?
thank you that will be all i need.
i am looking for a restaurant called the gandhi.
i'd like a reservation for 7 people monday at 15:30 please.
i want crossover food at an expensive price. can you help?
is there something else in the west?
actually, i'd prefer a european restaurant.
please book for 1 person, sunday at 17:45.
how about sunday at 16:45 please for 1 person?
that's all. thanks for the help!
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
yes, i am looking for a nice place to stay while in town. the hotel doesn't need to include internet but i'd like it to include free parking if it's available.
yes, i would prefer the moderate price range please.
i am looking for one with a moderate price range possibly with free wifi
yes,can you book me a reservation ?
we will be there wednesday, for 4 nights. i need a reservation for 7 people.
okay let's try that and please get me a reference number.
i need the address of the hotel, please.
yes, please. that would be great in case i get lost.
that's all i need. thank you very much for your help!
i am looking for a place with free parking, internet is not required.
i don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but i am looking for a place that's a guesthouse.
there really isn't any particular star rating i'm interested in.
please tell me its star rating, phone number and address.
yes, it is perfect
there will be 8 of us and i am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the center for 11:15 on saturday. please send me the reference number.
i'll book the hotel myself, but i would like a restaurant reservation. someplace moderately priced in the center of town.
not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the centre would be ideal.
that's fine. could you book a table for 8 people at 11:15. i need a reference number. i also need a taxi between both places arriving at the booked time.
thank you. will it take more than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the restaurant?
no. i believe that will be everything. thank you.
i am looking for an expensive hotel in cambridge with free wifi.
i am looking for a guesthouse in the east.
hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? ok, well how about an expensive hotel room instead?
yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting saturday.
thank you. you certainly can help. i need to leave kings lynn to go to go to cambridge by train.
yes the same day, i'd like to arrive by 14:30.
please do. just for 1 person. and give me the reference number too.
i'm good to go now actually! thanks so much! au revoir!
hi, i'm looking for a cheap restaurant, please.
i want a restaurant that serves turkish food
how about italian food instead?
no, just give me the phone number and address for your favorite, please!
i'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday and goes to peterborough.
i need to arrive by 18:00 and depart from cambridge.
no, just as close to 18:00 as possible. what is the price of the train?
yes, thank you for the information.
yes, i'd like one ticket for that train.
thank you very much.
that is all. thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay. i want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
any area in cambridge is fine, but i want the hotel to have a 2 star rating.
something moderately priced would be ideal, please.
yes, that would be great. for 4 nights on tuesday for 7 people please.
hello, can you tell me about some asian oriental restaurants in the centre?
would you please recommend one?
sure, for 5 people at 13:45 on friday.
i am will need a train.
i need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same friday.
make a booking for the same group of people.
i also need reservation for food.
no, don't worry about it. i already got a reservation earlier. that is all i need.
i can't wait to get there and see some of the local attractions. i am looking for a place to stay. can you help me?
i would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. it also needs to have 4 stars and free parking.
i am pretty indecisive so none. can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on tuesday?
awesome, thanks a lot. that's all i needed help with today.
can you help me find a specific restaurant that i'm looking for?
the name of the restaurant is city stop restaurant. can you book a table for me?
thursday please, for 3 people at 15:15.
great i also need to find a place to stay with a star rating of 5 and includes free wifi.
i don't understand. i'm looking for a 5-star hotel. in the moderate price range, preferably.
yes that will be fine.
sorry, i'm looking for a 5 star hotel.
can you check for 4 stars instead please?
thanks very much! what is their postcode and phone number?
did they have free parking?
okay, that's great to know. thanks! i won't be needing anything else today.
hello, are there any attractions on the eastside?
what is the entrance fee for the parks?
no, but are there any cheap korean restaurants?
i would like a restaurant in the cheap price range
how about one that serves asian oriental food? could i have the phone number?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
whenever is fine, just for me.
i did not have any in mind
thank you for such great customer service. i am set for now. goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food.
what do you recommend?
yes please, can i get a table for 6 at 13:45 on tuesday?
thanks so much. have a nice day. .
i'm looking for a train from ely to cambridge. do you have any?
yes, leaving on sunday at 10:00 am
i'm sorry, my travel day is actually thursday, not sunday. i need to arrive by 14:45.
yes, please make reservations.
did you book for 5 people? is there a train that arrives closer to but before 14:45? thanks.
yes with reference number
i would like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre
yes please, for 5 people at 20:15 on thursday.
thank you that will be all.
hi, i'm looking for an upscale hotel. could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area?
does it have a star of 4 and free parking?
yes, most likely. can you provide me with the postcode of the hotel please?
thanks, that will be all.
hi. i am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. can you help me find one?
sure, how about an expensive, four star guest house?
moderate will do. can you give me more information please?
yes and can i get the reference number?
i would like to check in on saturday. we would need 4 nights for 8 people.
yes, can i get the phone number and address for the cambridge and county folk museum?
no, that will be all.
i was looking for a chinese place in cambridge.
yes, the city centre was where i was planning to go.
that would be fine i need the phone number, postcode and address please.
thanks! i also need a train after 14:45 on saturday.
kings lynn to cambridge.
yes that works please book for 5 people.
no thanks. you were very helpful. until next time. goodbye.
i need a place to stay please. a guesthouse would be great.
is it in the north? i need to be in the north area of the city.
yes, please book starting thursday for 4 people and for 4 nights.
could you try another hotel in the same price range and, if you make a reservation, give me the reference number?
i do not need free parking.
yes, that would be fine, moderate price range.
good. thanks for your help.
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves eritrean food.
yes, are there any restaurants that serve italian food?
i do not have a preference.
i need their address and phone number please
great! thank you!
yes i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
i prefer a guesthouse.
awesome. that's all i needed.
actually, can you give me the postcode for that b and b?
hmm, not right now. i'm also looking for a train to cambridge on monday. can you help?
i am leaving from leicester after 12:45.
please. i need a reservation for 5 people and would like a confirmation number.
thank you so much for all your help today.
thank you, i think that will be all for today!
i need some tourist information please. i need to know about a hotel called the arbury lodge guest house.
i would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from tuesday.
i am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the south area of town.
i would like the italian place please.
yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at 18:30 and give me the reference number
i will also need a taxi, please.
i want to be picked up at the hotel and dropped off at the restaurant.
i want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by 18:30.
nope that'll be all for now. thank you have a good day.
i would like to go and visit leicester. do you think you can help me find a train to get me there?
i will be leaving from cambridge.
i will be traveling on sunday and would like to arrive by 08:30 please.
i need it for eight people, please.
yes! i also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the north. it should have plenty of free parking for my fancy car.
then how about one that is in the cheap price range?
worth house sounds good. thank you.
i actually just needed the information. that's all i need for now. thank you. goodbye.
i'd like to find a restaurant serving christmas food.
how about indian food?
what's the address for cocum?
no, thank you. goodbye.
are there any restaurants in the centre that offer austrian cuisine?
no, thank you.
no how about trying to look for chinese food?
i would like one that is moderately priced.
that sounds great. can you make a reservation for thursday for 8 guests at 16:45 please?
great, thanks! and yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the centre and with free wifi.
no particular price range. yes, i would appreciate a recommendation.
that would be fine please book that for 4 nights on the same day and for the same people.
thank you for all your help.
no, you have been most helpful with the restaurant and lodging. thank you. goodbye.
i need some information on a train going to cambridge.
sometime after 12:15 on saturday, please.
from leicester. there will be 6 of us. and i'll need a reference number as well.
that is right. also find me a please to stay.
pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and i would like free parking. could i get the reference number for the train please?
yes but it should include free wifi
yes, that would be great. it will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights.
that is everything, thank you for your help.
i'm looking for a hotel in the centre with free parking.
no, you don't have to do that. can you recommend a 5 star hotel?
is there one with a four star rating?
can you suggest one please? and i need a postcode.
can you tell me about the 4 star hotel instead?
i am also interested in a place to dine. i would like to have asian oriental cuisine.
it's a special dinner, so expensive is fine. i need a postcode and address with that recommendation please. thanks so much!
i'm looking for an asian oriental place in the same area as the hotel.
4 expensive asian restaurants? well if so pick the one you'd recommend. oh and get me the postcode and address.
thanks, that's all i needed today.
can you give me information about cambridge artworks, please?
that sounds pretty neat. my daughter is really into the arts. can i get their phone number please?
i need a 4 star hotel as well.
i'd rather stay in the centre if possible.
any would be fine. i just need to know the price range.
just the four star and hotel, tell me what my price options are with that one.
i am unsure of the address, can you look it up?
hmm are you sure about that? can you check again?
can you suggest one in that area?
thanks i only needed the price ranges for those hotels. have a good day.
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the centre of town. can you find one for me?
how many stars does el shaddai have, i'm looking for a place that is at least a 3 star location?
it's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. are there any hotels that match that description?
that will work. can you make a reservation for 8 people, please?
starting sunday and for 3 nights please.
for 8 people please. can i also get the reference number?
great, i'm also looking for something to do in that same area. what is available?
just surprise me with something.
can you tell me their postcode?
yes, could you book a taxi for me? i'd like to leave the gonville hotel by 24:00, going to all saints church.
thank you, you have been very helpful. i think that is all i need.
i am looking for information on a place called bridge guest house. can you help me?
no, that's all i need.
no thank you. but can you tell me if there's a restaurant called cocum in town?
i'd like a reservation, please? can we make it for saturday at 16:00 for 7 people?
that is all i need. thank you.
could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free wifi?
price doesn't matter, really. but i would like to get free parking too, in addition to the wifi please.
is that a hotel? i need a hotel and not a guesthouse.
that would be great, thanks. we'll be arriving on sunday.
6 people for 4 nights.
how about two nights?
thanks so much. that's it for today. goodbye.
i am looking for a cheap hotel on the east.
can you give me one that has free wifi and free parking?
the allenbell sounds perfect. can you book it for me for tuesday?
i would like to stay for 2 nights please.
my party will consist of 5 people. may i please get a reference number?
i also need a train from stevanage to cambridge.
tuesday, i want to arrive at 20:15.
it might, what time does the train depart?
no thanks. that was all i needed to know. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel. it doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the centre.
do any of them have free parking?
yes, what are their star ratings? i'd like one with a 4-star rating.
the hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights, starting monday?
that will be all, thanks.
can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to cambridge?
i need to travel on friday and arrive by 19:45.
no, i said i need to arrive by 19:45 already.
could you let me know the cost?
no, thanks. i'm looking for info on a bridge guest house.
no, i don't need a booking yet. i just would like the address please.
nothing more, thank you. that's all i need for today.
hi, i want a tuscan restaurant that's expensively priced.
how about korean food?
yes please.
no, thank you.
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?
could you recommend one for me and help me make a booking for sunday?
i have 4 people in my party. can i book a table for 17:00 on sunday?
i also need places to go that are in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of architecture.
no, i would just like to know what the fee is, if any?
that's great. i think we'll try that out. thanks for the info. goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the centre. can you help me?
can you book a room for me and send me the reference number please.
we are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning saturday.
there will be 7 people staying.
thank you. we are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.
what is the postcode and entrance fee.
great! can i book a taxi? i need to leave the hotel by 17:30.
no, that's all i needed today. thank you for you help. have a great day.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.
darn. how about trying a portuguese place?
yes, please. can you reserve a table on friday for 1 person at 17:45 please?
i am also looking for entertainment.
the junction works, could i have their phone number and address?
thank you that will be all
actually, can i get a taxi to go from the junction to the restaurant?
no, that's really everything this time, i promise. thanks again!
i am in the centre of town and am looking for a restaurant. ideally it would be in the expensive price range.
chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on sunday at 17:45?
i am also looking for a place to go. i would like to go to a college in the same area of town as the restaurant.
thank you. that was all i needed.
i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves african food in the centre
i'm looking for something expensive. is bedouin expensive?
yes, please. table for 2, on sunday at 11:30.
no thank you. that will be it. thanks and goodbye.
hi. can you help me find a restaurant?
i'd like a restaurant in the centre in the moderate price range, what can you recommend?
sounds good to me. please book for one, 16:30 on thursday.
thank you. i also need to find out about trains.
i would like to travel to cambridge on thursday.
i would like to depart from peterborough on thursday. i am pretty open as to departure time, but need to arrive by 08:30.
just for one person please.
that is all i need. good bye.
i am looking for information in cambridge
yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after 10:30 please?
yes please, i need 3 tickets and the reference number.
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi.
i do not have a preference on area.
no. i would prefer something expensive and with free wifi.
is that a guest house?
yes please.
no, i really want a guesthouse. what about something in the moderate price range?
i dont care about the area
the hotel should include free wifi.
i don't care, i already told you that.
i would prefer a four star can you send me some info on that?
give me their area and address
no. thanks you. that's all. goodbye
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
i'm looking for european food. this is a special dinner, so something expensive.
book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday, make sure you get the reference number
you can pick. i need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 14:45.
great. i need to find a guesthouse that has free wifi and free parking, the better half is so cheap.
can you please recommend one and book it for 4 nights?
the 7 of us will be arriving on saturday and staying 4 nights.
yes, i need a taxi to commute between dinner and the hotel. can you please help me with the contact number and car type?
actually, i need to go from the hotel to dinner. i want to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45.
that is all i need.
i'd like something moderately priced please.
no, the type of food doesn't matter.
what is the phone number?
thank you for giving me the information . good bye.
hello, i would like some information on a hotel called the bridge guest house, please.
please book a room for 2 people starting on saturday for 3 nights. i will need the reference number too. thanks.
thank you. i also need to find entertainment in the south. what is available?
that would be great. i need the phone number, address and entrance fee.
okay, now i'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to tenpin. i want to leave at 07:30. please send the car type and contact number
i will need to know the car type.
thanks. well, i guess that's all i need today. thanks for your help. goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food. i want it to be expensive.
i'd like to dine in the center of town, please.
could you give me the address and phone number for the slug and lettuce please.
i wish you could provide their phone number. but other than that you've given me everything i need to know. thank you goodbye.
i need to find a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by 9:15. can you help?
i'm traveling to ely.
for today, arriving by 21:15.
i am departing on sunday.
that's perfect. could you book it for 8 people?
thank you! will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town?
no booking yet for the restaurant. i want to eat at a restaurant that serves thai food. do you have any?
yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on sunday.
i just told you! sunday! now please go on and book and send me the reference number
how about at 10:00 instead?
ok, please do that and get me the reference number.
that's all i need. thanks for your help tonight.
please tell me where the restaurant hk fusion is located. thanks.
please reserve for me table for two for today luch. thank you
i just need the phone number for that place.
i also need a moderate priced place to stay in the north.
great, i would like it to be a guesthouse and have 4 stars.
can i have the postcode, address, and phone number?
no, that would be all for today. have a great evening.
i'm interested in finding a modern european restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu.
no preference. can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on wednesday? thanks!
no thank you. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking to see the sights. can you tell me about primavera?
and the area and postcode too please
i also want a place to dine in the east
i already told you that, pay attention
just something expensive, if you pay enough i'm sure the food is good regardless of the cuisine.
please book it for 5 people on wednesday at 15:15.
that is all. thank you!
hello, i am looking for a hotel called the worth house. can you help me find it?
is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
ok, that will be perfect. i think thats all i need. bye!
i'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while i'm in town.
not really, but i want free wifi and it should be 4 star.
it doesn't matter which area it's in. which would you recommend?
great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?
could you try it for 2 nights instead?
no that is all i needed thank you very much! and enjoy the rest of the day!
i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the centre.
an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre please.
no but can i get the phone number, address and postcode please?
yes, i need some information about the train schedule. i want to leave on saturday.
i'm going to bishops stortford after work, after 21:15 would work.
i would like to book the first one. can you give me the price on that?
ok thank you for the information that's all i needed today.
i'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
nothing particular. maybe a cinema?
can you give me the phone number and postcode?
yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 15:15 on saturday. type of food doesn't matter just in the same area as the attraction.
sounds good. please book
i also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 15:15.
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
find me an italian place in the north
yes. can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on saturday?
thank you for your help.
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on tuesday
i will depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester.
sure, can you book this for 3 people. i'll need a reference number please.
perfect thats all i needed thanks
i am all set, thanks.
yes, hopefully you can help with my planning. i am looking for a place to stay.
i will be traveling to the north.
i would prefer something moderately priced.
moderately priced, free parking in the north.
sure, could i get the phone number and postcode?
can you tell me if the hamilton is a hotel or guesthouse?
are there any restaurants that serve international food?
i'd prefer something in the centre of town if that's an option.
bloomsbury sounds nice. can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on wednesday?
yes please. could i have it?
that's all i need. thanks so much for your help.
i am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food.
is there one that serves chinese instead?
i have no preference. i just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on thursday.
i guess that will do. how about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?
yes, i'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.
is there any in the type of college? if so can i have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?
i don't really have a preference, no. i'd just like something good.
thanks, i also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant. i want to arrive by the booked time of 12:45
no, i think that will do it. thank you for your assistance. goodbye.
i'm looking for a dining establishment that serves kosher, in the center of town.
that's a bummer. thanks anyways
are there any restaurants that have north american food?
is it in the expensive price range?
yes, i would like a table for 7 on sunday. i want to eat at 18:15.
yes, i'm interested in visiting the broughton house gallery.
do they have enough parking?
is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from broughton gallery to gourmet burger kitchen by 18:15?
there are 7 in my group.
thanks a lot, goodbye!
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center
no, i really don't mind. recommend one to me.
that sounds wonderful. can you give me the address and postcode?
no, that's all. thank you.
i'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.
sounds great. could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.
a guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.
i'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by 14:30.
cambridge, i need to leave on tuesday too.
this one will do. i will need to book for 4 people. can i get the reference number once booked, please?
i am also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.
i need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
not at the moment. thank you.
thank you. bye.
hi, i'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the west end please
it doesn't have to have free parking. i guess you can find me one.
that sounds goo. please go ahead.
actually, i just need the phone number and postcard for the hotel.
thank you, can you also give me info on tandoori palace, i hear that it rocks the house like mickey mouse.
very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 19:15 on thursday?
i also would need a taxi to the restaurant by the booked time
that is all of the information that i need.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i am looking for a moderately price place to stay while i'm there.
i would like to be in the west.
sounds good. i need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting wednesday.
can you tell me the address to a chinese restaurant in cambridge?
i am looking for one on the east side. however i need a indian restaurant not chinese.
any price range is ok. i am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college
let's actually find an indian restaurant first. what areas of town have indian places?
preferably in the east. would like the phone number. also looking for colleges to visit and need to book a taxi for 1:15. i will need the number and car type.
price doesn't matter. what restaurant do you recommend?
sounds good. could you give me an idea of colleges i can visit whilst in cambridge?
sure, let's do corpus christi. could you get me a taxi from the restaurant to the college?
i want to leave the restaurant by 1:15.
no thank you that is all.
i could really use something to eat.
expensive restaurant in the centre, please.
not really. which is your favorite? i'll book that for 13:00 thursday. there will be 6 of us.
let's try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on thursday. i'll also need a reference number.
i'm not sure. just something expensive. we are celebrating.
thank you for your help. this is all i needed.
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving english food.
how about find me a turkish one ?
great! where is it located?
thank you, goodbye.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and food?
thank you.
i am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.
expensive and in the north please.
can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?
not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. i'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. can you book it for me? there's 4 in my party.
yes, i would like the reference number please.
i also need a place to eat that serves british food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?
sure. can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 17:15? and give me the reference number please.
i'm going to need a taxi as well.
i need the taxi to get us from the hotel to the restaurant before the booked time please.
well it's going to be from our hotel to travelers rest restaurant by 5:15.
four people will be riding in the taxi.
thank you for your help, that is all.
i need a train leaving after 11:00 on wednesday if you can help me.
i need to go from cambridge to london liverpool street.
yes please make a booking for 1 people.
i need to find a place to stay.
i would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks
i'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. do you have some with those specifications?
i am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.
i need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. i would like it to be a hotel.
i would like a guesthouse.
howdy, i'm looking for a british restaurant for breakfast.
moderate price range please.
i would like the center of town please.
is it in the expensive price range? if so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 19:30 for wednesday?
yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an expensive price range.
i need a place to eat. british, expensive in the centre.
yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on wednesday.
thank you! i also need to find a guesthouse to stay in please.
i'd like a place in the west with free parking.
hobsons house sounds good. can you give me the phone number?
yes, one more thing. i will need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, please.
no specific departure time, but i would like to arrive by 19:30 please.
no that's is. thank you for all your help. have a great day.
i'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the centre.
that sounds great. can you book me a table there for 3 people?
is there any other restaurant that you could try for me before i call myself?
as long as the seafood restaurant is in the centre i am fine with 18:00 and i need the reference number. i need a train arriving at cambridge by 08:00.
i'm dining on saturday.
i need to find a train leaving london kings cross on saturday as well.
i would like to be in cambridge by 08:00
no thank you. what is the price for that train?
the train booking is for the same day as my dinner reservation correct?
no thanks. i may be back in touch though!
thank you, good bye
could you help me with some information about places i can go in town?
i want to go to a museum.
please focus your search to the west.
plese get me the phone number and address
yes i need a place to stay that is a hotel that is moderate and i need it for 5 nights for 1 person from tuesday.
i need the reference number too. i am not particular as to where, as long as it is near cambridge.
i would prefer it to include both. thanks for asking.
i have no preference. please make a recommendation and book a room for me.
if the acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range with wifi and parking, please book the above nights for me, please.
thanks, take care.
no thank you that is all.
i hope so. my brother recommended an eatery called curry prince. can you help me find it?
could i have their phone number as well?
thank you. i am also looking for places to go. is there any swimming pool you can locate for me?
what is the entrance fee for abbey pool? can i also get the address?
i also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at 20:45 to take me to the restaurant.
both, please! i can't wait to explore cambridge.
that will be all for today. thank you for your help!
i'd like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please.
oh no. well i'll take chinese food then.
no, i don't care about the price. which one looks good?
can i have the phone number, address and postcode?
that's all i needed today, thank you.
hi, i'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.
first could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?
yes. i am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.
yes. the train should leave after 11:45 and leave on tuesday.
yes, that works perfectly. book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. thank you.
thank you so much.
great thank you for your help
no thank you.
hello are there any cheap european restaurants in town?
is there anything in the north part of town?
can you look for italian food instead?
yes i would like to reserve a table there. may i have the address please?
one in my party. i'm also looking for a train to get to bishops stortford, can you help me with that too?
i will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 20:00 to bishops stortford.
i don't need a reservation for the restaurant. i need to find a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
i would like to leave wednesday after 20:00.
no. please send me the train id and arrival time.
no, i got all that i need. goodbye.
i am looking for the university arms hotel please.
not now, i just need the address and also to know whether there is free parking.
could you please give me the address of the hotel?
thats great thanks. i am also looking for a college in the centre to visit- can you make a recommendation?
yes, as long as it is in the centre. could i also get the postcode?
yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? i want to leave the college by 3:30
great, that's all i needed.
hello! i'm looking for new places to go in cambridge and am wondering if there is a theatre closeby.
please recommend one for me that is in the center.
yes, that will do. i also need a place to stay.
i am looking for a place in the south, and i don't need parking. but i do need 4 stars and wifi!
yes, that's not a problem.
no need, but please give me their phone number. thanks!
yes. i would like to leave the hotel by 8:45.
thank you goodbye
i would like to find a museum to go to located in the centre. can you help me?
nothing specific.recommend one and send me their phone number.
thanks so much. i am also looking for a place to dine. can you help me?
i don't care, just something good in the same area as broughton house is. try and stay in the moderate price range though.
the centre please. could you tell me the phone number and food type?
great, thank you. no that will be all for today, i appreciate all your help!
no thank you.
i'm looking for a train that leaves on saturday and arrives by 19:00.
yes, i need to get to cambridge. i'll be leaving norwich.
what time does that train arrive in cambridge? that seems terribly early. i just need to be there by 19:00.
no thanks. i'm looking for a place to stay too.
the train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge.
that sounds good. what's the travel duration on that one?
okay. can you help me find a place to stay? i would like it to be 4 stars and i don't need it to have free parking.
i'd like it to be moderate, any will do. and i'd like to book it for 5 people and 4 nights, starting on the same day.
yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights. can i please get the reference number too?
it will be on saturday as well.
that is all for now. thank you.
i'd like to find an expensive gastropub, should you have such a beast.
yes, can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on wednesday for 6 people?
please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done.
no but i will try that place.
thank you!
i need a boat trip in the east please.
yes, please tell me about it. i would like to know the postcode and area for it?
perfect. i'm looking for a thai place to eat, too. can you help?
yes, bangkok city. what is the price range, address and phone number?
could you also give me the phone number?
yes, i'm sorry, but i actually need an architecture attraction, not boats. can you give me the postcode and area for the best one in town?
could you look for an architectural attract in other parts of the city then?
yes please do and i need the postcode and area.
can i also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at 12:45?
i'm going from the restaurant to the architecture.
thank you. that is all i need.
i would like to visit clare college. can you give me more information on it?
you've told me everything i need to know. thanks!
im looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre. can you assist?
what an interesting name! hmm, what do you have in the way of seafood restaurants?
no thanks that's all i needed thank you for your help.
hi, i am looking for a venetian restaurant please.
what other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve expensive food?
ok, how about something indian?
of the 6, what is your restaurant recommendation for good curry?
yes, can i get the address, postcode, and phone number?
yes, i am actually looking for a place to go that is entertaining.
i don't care about the area, but can you find something that is free?
no, that should be all, thanks.
hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? it's a restaurant.
yes please for 3 people on satruday around lunch time
actually, i don't need to reserve just yet. can you please just give me the postcode and price range?
yes that would be all. thank you
oh, wait! while i have you, i can go ahead and check on hotels. i need a hotel with free parking.
no but i do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.
sounds great. i need it for one person and three nights starting saturday. thank you!
yes, i need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. i need to leave the restaurant by 10:45. what taxi do you have available?
i actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. we will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.
yeah, could i get the contact number and type of car, as well?
okay great. that's all the information i need for now. thanks.
what is the best french expensive restaurant in town?
i'd like to eat at the one that's in the north.
what is the phone number for the restaurant?
yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called rosa's bed and breakfast?
thank you for that information. sounds like a good place.
hmm, no thank you. i will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?
it's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 4:45. can you tell me what type of car and contact number?
great! thank you very much!
no, that is it. thanks. bye.
hi i am in the north looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. any suggestions?
um, give me a minute please
yes, please. i need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on wednesday.
great, thank you. i am looking for some sort of entertainment in the centre, maybe a park. can you help me with that?
that is all, thank you for your help.
no, the attraction and the hotel was everything.
i'm going to cambridge and i need a train that arrives by 16:00.
i will be departing from stansted airport and i want to leave on thursday
yeah, book that one.
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. the restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre
thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the centre.
how about northern european?
okay, how about italian food?
probably cheap would be best
can you pick one for me?
sure. sounds good. i need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 20:15. can i please have the reference number as well?
thanks for your help! that is all i needed today.
that is all i need today good bye.
i'm looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi.
i don't care about the price, and the hotel doesn't need to have free parking.
yes wifi internet please.
that is fine, is it in the east?
no i am looking for a place in the west.
i need to stay 3 nights staring from sunday and 3 people will be in my party.
can you find another hotel in the same pricerange?
yes, please. make sure it's for 3 people and 3 nights starting on sunday and i need the reference number.
thank you for all your help today.
i need some information on a hotel, can you help with that?
i need information about the alexander bed and breakfast.
i need reservations for 5 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
i'm also looking for a train to stevenage leaving after 16:15.
yes, i need to leave cambridge on monday.
sure. what is the price and arrival time?
no thank you. i'll take it from here. you've been very helpful. have a great day!
i need some info on the acorn guest house.
i'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights. we'll be arriving on thursday.
no. i think i am all set.
oh, actually i'm looking for a great place to dine also. can you help me with that?
a moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves international food.
can you tell me the address for the varsity?
i want a taxi to the varsity. it should depart my hotel by 19:15. please give me car type and contact info.
i am staying at the acorn guest house.
no, that is all i need today. thank you.
i need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre, can you assist me please?
is this restaurant in the cheap price range?
yes, please book for thursday at 12:45 for 7 people.
hmm, okay, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
okay let's try that place.
which restaurant were you able to book me into?
thank you. that is all i need.
thanks, i'm all done here.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.
does it have 4 stars? if so, go ahead and book it!
1 people, 4 nights starting monday. thanks.
i am also looking for an attraction in the middle of town.
i would like something with architecture i think.
sure, can you get me the information?
can you tell me the address and phone number to the all saints church.
cool. can you have a taxi pick me up at 19:00 at the hotel and take me to the attraction? and i'll need car and contact info
i think that's all i need for today. thanks for the help. goodbye.
could i ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby?
some place moderately priced, with free wifi.
i don't have a preference. which one looks best to you?
no thank you, that is all i needed. have a great day!
i will be sure to do that.
hello! can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the centre of town, please?
what's the price? i need something in cheap range.
no, that will be all. thank you!
are there any trains that arrive in cambridge before 11:45?
i am leaving broxbourne on saturday.
yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.
great, thank you. can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?
a hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. but is has to be in the center of the town.
as long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. what options do i have?
sure, i can be flexible. how about in the north? i need it for 8, for two nights starting saturday. i need a reference number also.
thank you. that is all that i need.
i'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. something moderately priced, please.
do any of those serve british food?
i only need the restaurant's address, phone number, and postcode.
no, that should be all. thank you so much for your assistance!
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel in cambridge.
yes, can you check the north please?
can you book me at ashley hotel for 1 and 3 nights ?
on wednesday please
yes that's what i already asked you to do.
yes, i'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called efes. i'll need the phone number, price range, and postcode, please?
thank you, that'll be all today.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0
how about a star of 0?
ok how about a cheap priced hotel, free wifi would be a plus.
yeah. can you help me book it please? it'll be for 8 people
2 nights for 8 people starting on sunday.
no thank you, that is all the info i needed. have a great day!
i wanted to visit the tenpin, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if there is an admission cost?
that's ok, could you tell me what part of town it's located in?
great. thank you. i also need a place to dine.
i am looking for scottish food. i would like it to be nice so it can be expensive, but it needs to be in the east side of town.
i am planning a trip to cambridge
i need a train for friday?
i'm going from cambridge to broxbourne, departing after 20:45 on friday.
that is fine, can i also get the total travel time for that?
no thanks, i'm also looking for an italian restaurant
i don't care, should be in the cheap price range.
no reservation for now. but, can you please provide me with the address and postcode please?
yes. please thank you.
that is all, thank for your help.
will i be able to get a train out of london liverpool street that leaves after 15:15, or will i need to use a different station?
i need to be there on friday.
i don't have to leave at exactly 15:15. i just need to leave after that time and travel to cambridge. what are my choices?
i would like to book it for friday for 7 people and will need a reference number.
i am also looking for a place to stay. with free parking and one star.
try for a 4 star instead.
okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from friday for 7 people.
okay, great. thanks for your help!
that is all i will need.
good day to you too, goodbye
i am looking for a train that is arriving by 13:00 and leaving on monday.
yes, i want to leave from cambridge and i'm going to broxbourne.
how much does a seat for the tr1213 on monday cost?
thank you. i also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
no, please pick one for me and provide the phone number and address.
yes, that sounds great.
4 people are in my party.
if you could book a reservation for tuesday at 06:30 pm that would be most appreciated.
no, that will be all today. thank you.
thank you very much for helping me get my reservations in order.
can you tell what kind of food the restaurant serves and their address and phone number.
thank you.
can you tell me more about a particular attraction called the ballare?
what is their phone number?
no thank you, i don't need the address. i would also like to find a place to eat on the east side that serves british food.
actually, could you book a table for 6 people on wednesday?
i would like to book for 11:15.
thank you that's all i needed today.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of cambridge that serves modern american food.
then what about modern european?
no, just pick a popular one for me and book it for 1 person on tuesday please.
okay what is it?
i would like the time to be at 14:00, if you cant get that time 13:00 will do. can i have a reference number? i also need a train.
thank you. i need a train on tuesday and i need it to arrive by 10:15.
i will be leaving from london kings cross.
one ticket is all i need. thank you.
thank you for your help. that's everything i need for now. goodbye.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
yes. chinese, please.
reserve a table for 4 please.
monday at 19:30 would be perfect.
i'm also looking for some entertainment in the same area as the restaurant.
sounds good. i need the address and phone number for them too.
thank you so much for your help. can we also look at 4 star hotels in the same area?
forget the hotels. that's all the information i need today. thanks for all your help.
i don't need anything other than the restaurant and the attractions. thank you for your assistance. goodbye.
can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town?
yes, i'd love to have free internet, and i'd really like to stay at a guest house if possible.
sure. please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting tuesday.
can i please have the address?
no thank you, that is all i needed.
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
is there anything else ? i also want its phone number.
okay, thank you for that.
i am going to visit and would like to go to a nightclub. any suggestions?
no preference, surprise me. i'll just need the postcode.
yes i need to find a hotel with free parking and 4 star rating.
yes, i'd prefer a hotel over a guesthouse and i need to stay in the north.
if there is no hotel availability, i will accept a guesthouse. is one available?
do any of the guesthouses have access to internet for their guests?
how about free parking?
could i get the phone number and address of one of them? also can you find me a nightclub nearby and give me their postcode?
okay. thank you very much for your help.
i think that takes care of everything.
i'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving french food. could you please give me their phone numbers?
thank you, goodbye.
hello, what places to go could you recommend in the centre of town?
i am interested in the cinema. what are my choices? i'll need phone number and entrance fee information.
thank you. can you find out some information on the oak bistro for me as well?
sounds perfect. can you please book a table for 8 on sunday at 16:15?
no thank you that will be all
i am looking for a college to see.
i'm not sure as i'm not familiar with the area. do you recommend a particular college?
yes, may i please have the address and postcode?
i would also like to find a japanese restaurant, if there are any in town.
yes, please. i would need a reservation on sunday for 3 at 11:30.
thank you for your help!
i will need a book a taxi to commute between the two places
i need to be at the restaurant at 11:30.
that is all, thanks for your assistance.
i am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit. can you let me know some attractions i may be interested in?
i'd like something in the centre.
could i get the address for it? i would also like an expensive place to eat around it.
i'm in the mood for caribbean food.
yes, i also love turkish food. is there something in the center that's expensive? also, what type of attraction is all saints church?
can i have the phone number, address and postcode for the restaurant please?
great that's all that i needed to know, thank you!
i need some help locating a train for saturday, heading to london king's cross.
i'll be departing from cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.
that would be perfect. book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.
i also need a cheap hotel.
can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by 14:30?
on sunday please
7 people, please.
perfect. can you also help me find a hotel while we're there? it should also have free parking.
i would like to find a hotel on the east side. i need parking but wifi is not necessary.
no, i want to keep it in the type of hotel. does this hotel have free wifi?
yes, go ahead and book this. i will need accommodations for 7 people. we need to book for 2 nights, starting on sunday.
thank you . that is all i needed. have a nice day.
i would like a mexican restaurant in west.
ok can we try to find a expensive singaporean restaurant in the east?
ok. what about chinese?
yes that would be fine i need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on saturday.
i am also looking for a train leaving cambridge arriving by 13:45 at standsted airport.
not at this time. but thank you for the informtion.
can you please find a train that leaves on sunday from cabridge and goes to stansted airport.
that would be great! can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? and then i'll need the reference number
thank you very much. that's it now. bye
i need a place to stay in the centre of town.
i would prefer a 2 star guest house.
i would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.
yes. please book it for 5 people, starting sunday, for 3 nights.
are you sure? can you try again? if that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?
thank you. i am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. can you help with that?
i'd like to leave sunday after 18:30.
yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. let me know the reference number, if available.
that is all i need, good bye.
can you find a moderate price restaurant in the centre?
i would like to eat chinese food, please.
yes, please. just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. i'll need a table on sunday at 11:45. it will be 8 people.
ok, could you maybe tell me which restaurant the reservation is at?
i am also looking for some where fun to go in the centre of town as well.
that sounds great. could i get the phone number and post code please?
no thank you. you have been a great help.
no that would be fine. thank you.
i need a train on sunday, arriving by 16:30, please.
i will be departing from leicester and arriving in cambridge.
yes. i would like a booking for 3 people please.
ok, i also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a guesthouse. nothing else matters, just pick one.
actually, do any of them offer free wifi?
i do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. i need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from sunday.
no that is all thanks .
bye and have a great day.
i would like to book a train for saturday.
i'll be catching the train at birmingham new street and take me to cambridge. anytime after 12:30 is great.
yes. please book for 8 people.
yes i need the reference number.
i also need a very cheap hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday
no thank you that is all i need.
hi. can you help me find a restaurant?
i would like it on the expensive price range please.
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food. if there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves indian food.
please get phone number and area.i am also looking for a train. the train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 09:30
can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?
the north part of town is fine. i need the phone number and area for the place after you find it.
my area is flexible. what is available for an expensive indian restaurant. it can be in any area.
no thank you but i do need a train.
i will be leaving from cambridge.
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on sunday for 6 people
i just need to depart after 9:30.
yes, that would be wonderful.
that's all i need today. have a great day
hello, i need some french food. any price range is fine.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4
no, not really. although, i'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking.
that sounds good. i would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.
i appreciate your help. i need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 10:15. what is available, please?
great, i'm looking to travel on sunday.
yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number
that is all i need today, thank you.
can you help me find a restaurant by the name of loch fyne?
please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday.
please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
very well. i really need a reliable booking, make sure you give me a reference number, i don't want any confusion when i get there.
that would be good. i would like to try that one if you recommend it.
no that will be all. thanks!
i'd like an expensive restuarant with chinese food.
i would like to stay in the south please.
could you reserve a table for 5 at peking restaurant. i need it for wednesday at 11:15.
thank you so much, that is all that i needed!
do you know anything about emmanuel college?
is that their full address?
i'm also looking for a recommendation on 4 star, moderately priced hotels.
do they have free wifi?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from thursday
no, that's it. thanks!
are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town?
i'd prefer cantonese, but i'd be up for italian if necessary.
how about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday
that would be great - can you make that reservation?
that's all i needed. thanks!
i'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves indian food.
what do you have in the expensive price range?
i don't need a reservation, but could you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?
yes. i am looking for a college as a place to go in town.
sure, but first i'll need to know the entrance fee, area, and address.
yes, please. can you book a taxi for me? i'll be heading from clare hall to tandoori palace, and i'd like to be picked up at 18:15.
no, that is all. thank you!
thanks for the help, bye!
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
i want to find an expensive restaurant serving expensive thai food
i'd like a place in the centre.
yes, that would be great. it will need to be on friday at 14:30. i'd like a table for 4, please?
thank you! are there any trains leaving that same day from london liverpool street?
can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 12:30?
i'm coming to cambridge from lecester.
i need to arrive by 12:30 not 6:54. try again please
the train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on wednesday.
i need a booking for 4 people.
i am looking for a hotel called worth house.
thanks. can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 3 nights on the day we get there?
that's everything. thanks for all your help.
i will. thank you, goodbye.
please be a darling and find me a moderately priced place to dine in the east
could you give me all three options please?
how about pizza hut? i need a reservation for 4 people at 17:45 on tuesday.
no thanks. i think that took care of everything. thanks. goodbye.
i'm in need of a place to stay for the night, i'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
either as long as it includes free parking and internet is optional.
do either of those have free wifi?
thanks! what's the phone number?
sure. please give me that one as well.
no thank you! i will give them a call.
no thank you, i appreciate all your help!
hello, i'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern european foods for modest prices.
that sounds terrific. thank you.
yes, can you make reservations for us? we'll need a table for 6 on sunday at 16:30.
no, that's it. thank you. good-bye.
i'm looking for an italian restaurant in the east.
yes, please. 1 person at 16:45 on saturday.
that was all. thanks!
i need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule.
i need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 20:30
yes. i will need it for eight people.
yeah, i'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.
i dont mind any
i don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?
thanks. that is all i need for now.
i want see something particular, can you book reservations for anything?
i'm interested in seeing sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway
yes and can i get the phone number please?
i also need a place to stay in the north area.
moderately priced and a 4 star rating, please.
can you suggest one? parking is not important, but please let me know if they have it.
is parking at the acorn guest house free?
i need to know the postcode and if they have internet.
nope, that should be it!
i need a train that gets me where i'm going by 4:15 pm.
i'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 16:15
again, i want to arrive by 16:15.
on saturday. book for 3 people
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay
i would like a hotel in the west. free parking and wifi are a must.
i'd like a hotel with free parking and also free wifi.
any of those is fine, i just need the phone number, price range and postcode.
that is all that i need today, thank you.
i am going to visit and was told about the a and b guest house. could you help me with that?
what's the phone number and how many stars is it?
great! i'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and i need it to be expensive.
i'd love to try some european food.
yes, i need a table for 7 please at 18:00.
this is for thursday. make sure to give a reference number, i need this dinner to go smoothly.
please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking. i prefer a guesthouse though.
no, but i'd like it to be moderately priced.
that could be anywhere. book for me for 3 people and 4 nightsstarting from sunday.
okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
i've got another request i need assistance with please. i am looking to stansted airport via train and need help booking it.
i will travel on thursday.
a hotel in the north with free parking, please.
is there any with a 4 star rating and includes free wifi?
no thank you.
do either of those have 4 star ratings?
what is kirkwood house's address, postcode, and price range?
thank you for the help, that's all i need.
i'm hoping to find a place to eat.
i would like to eat international food.
i would like moderate pricing.
i would like to pick a restaurant in the north.
i'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.
i'm looking for a place called cambridge and county folk museum
thank you. i'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the meze bar restaurant please.
could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on monday?
i will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.
thank you that's all i needed today.
i need to book a train that leaves after 13:45 on tuesday.
i'm going to liverpool street in london.
ok, how much is the ticket?
i cant afford that is there anything cheaper?
i will have to take it then.
yes. im also looking for a place to eat
i would like a italian food in the centre.
price doesn't matter. can you recommend one that you love?
yes i do, for the same day. we will need a table for 6 at 10:15 please.
thank you , that is all
no, thank you. that is all for now.
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.
sure, is there a college i could visit? i'd like it to be in the town's centre please.
which one would you suggest and what is the entrance fee?
please let me know what the entrance fee is.
i am also looking for a moderate place to stay with a 0 star rating. does not need to have free parking.
yes please. i need it to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on sunday.
alright thats everything thanks
can you tell me if there are any museums in the west part of town?
it needs to be in the west.
sure thing, may i have their phone number?
i also need a seafood restaurant that is in that same area
how about an expensive restaurant in the west serving european food?
yes, i would like reservations for four for seven o'clock tomorrow evening.
actually can i get reservations for 7 at 20:00 on friday?
could i get the reference number for that booking please.
yes. i would like a taxi to take me to the restaurant by my reservation time.
yes, please. do you have their phone number?
thank you very much. that's all i'll need today!
hi i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.
the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the expensive price range.
i didn't mention a specific part of town.
ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the north with free parking?
sounds good. i'll need rooms for 3 people, for 2 nights.
we're arriving on thursday.
are there any other cheap guesthouses in the north with free parking? my schedule is inflexible i'm afraid.
is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on thursday for 2 nights? i still need free parking.
are there any guest house available for my requested days?
great! now i need a train to go to birmingham new street after 10:15 on saturday.
not right now, can you please just give me the time, price, and train id number?
sure, you can book that train now -- just for me, please.
okay great that is all i needed.
i would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.
the area does not matter. but will for sure want it to be an actual hotel.
yes, please book it if possible.
i don't want to leave. i want to stay for 3 nights starting on tuesday. there will be 6 of us.
yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, modern european will do.
i would like the restaurant in the same area, cambridge, please.
i'm not picky with the area. i just want it to be moderately priced.
i was looking for a restaurant. i already have a hotel reservation
i would like one that serves northern european food, if possible.
thats sounds great. can i get the area and address ?
i'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:00.
the hotel i guess.
great i believe that covers everything. goodbye.
are you able to help me find an expensive british restaurant in cambridge please?
i don't really have a preference. can you recommend a restaurant? as long as it serves expensive british food i'll be happy.
yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on thursday
no, that's all for today. goodbye!
i am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the centre.
yes, are there any options for italian food in the centre?
i'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the cheap restaurants, please.
i'm looking for entertainment spots to visit near the restaurant. what kinds of things are there to do?
i'm interested in entertainment activities. are there any theaters in the area of the restaurant?
can you tell me about colleges in the center of town?
give me your recommendation for a college with a free entrance fee. please include a phone number too.
can i get their phone number please
is there an entrance fee?
okay thank you for your help.
no, that's all i need. thanks for your help.
are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend?
i would like to eat indian food.
i need a reservation for thursday. there will be 1 person at 11:15. any of the 5 restaurants would be fine.
thank you and goodbye.
please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .
yes.
what is their postcode?
no, thank you good bye
would you be able to tell me whether there are any multiple sports venues in the center of town?
actually, let's try looking for a college instead and still in the centre of town.
yes, may i please get the phone number and the postcode as well?
i'm also looking for somewhere to dine. can you help with that?
i want some portuguese food in the same area.
i'd like you to reserve a table for me at 15:15 on friday for 1 person.
not, that's all for today. goodbye !
i'm looking for somewhere in town to go to where i can enjoy entertainment. do you have any suggestions?
nothing specific, but i would like to know the entrance fee associated with the activity.
yeah, i'm also trying to find a good restaurant for lunch.
i'm looking for turkish cuisine.
the price range should be moderate.
actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 for thursday?
yes, please reserve a taxi that can reach both areas, i would like to arrive by the booked time, please provide me with a contact number and the car type.
i need to arrive by 18:15 on thursday.
no, that should be it. thanks so much.
thank you for your help!
i am looking for a particular hotel.
university arms hotel.
yes thank you. 2 nights for two people starting on monday.
i also need a train going to stevenage on tuesday.
i'd like to leave after 11:45, please.
i am departing from cambridge. can you please provide me with the train id and travel time. thank you.
excellent, thanks for all of your help!
i'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.
something in the east, please.
that sounds like it will work. do they have a star rating? if so, can i get the postcode.
no that's okay, i just wanted to learn about it. thanks!
no, not at this time. thanks for your help.
hi, i'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from cambridge, what kinds of options are there?
i would like to travel on thursday and get there before 13:30.
yes, for 6 people, and i will need the reference number please.
thanks, i also am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast a friend mentioned.
yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.
no, that is everything i need. thank you for all your help!
i would like to find a museum in the centre.
sure! what's the address of the broughton house gallery?
yes, i am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves turkish food.
can you please tell me if it's in the same area as the gallery? i'm not familiar with the town.
great. please make a reservation for two on sunday.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
is there anything else?
yes please.
what is the phone number?
what is the postcode?
what is the price range ?
thank you goodbye.
i'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.
which hotel is a star of 3?
yes, that would be fine. please book it for 7 people starting tuesday for 2 nights.
let's try it for one night then please
thank you. i also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday.
i am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 08:00 for a meeting.
yes please book the the train for 7 people and can i get the reference number.
no, that's all i need right now. thank you and have a nice day. bye
please find a restaurant that serves latin american food.
is there a british restaurant in the center of town?
oh no, my friend told me there was a really great british place in the centre. can you double check?
sounds great. i want to book for 7 people on friday at 17:15.
thanks for the booking. will you help me find an attraction in the centre near the restaurant? a swimmingpool would be ideal.
thanks, what is the address along with postcode? also is there an entrance fee?
that's alright. can you book a taxi to take me from the pool to the restaurant in time for my reservation? and give me car type and contact number
that is all i need, thank you for your help.
do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the north part of town?
royal spice sounds interesting, can i get the food type, address and postcode please?
what kind of food do they serve there?
yes, thank you. i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant.
i'm hoping for a 3 star place, don't care about internet.
yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
thank you for all your help!
that is all i need today.
thank you! i am sure it will be thanks to your help.
i am looking for a restaurant near the centre, moderate priced, please.
i would like british food please.
that sounds great. can you book a table for 8 people on friday at 13:30?
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the same area as the restaurant
yes. may i have the number and address?
that is everything thank you.
i want british food that is moderately priced.
how about the west part of town.
thank you goodbye.
hello. i need to catch a train leaving on monday. can you help me find something?
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 12:45
yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.
i also need to find out some information about the lensfield hotel
no, but can you provide their address. oh, and do they have free parking?
excellent. that's all i need.
no that's it. thank you for your help.
can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves north american food? thanks.
no. how about italian food?
perhaps the center? but i don;t think i have a preference.
yes. please reserve for 5 people on sunday at 15:00.
yes, i do need it. i'm also looking for a train that goes to leicester after 18:30. is there anything available?
i need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge.
yes please. i just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.
thanks that's all i need today
find me a college in the centre, please.
maybe trinity college. what's their entrance fee, phone number, and what postcode are they in, please?
yes thank you. i'd also like to find a restaurant in the same area.
would like to dine somewhere with a moderate price range.
does that serve european food?
yes, i'd like a table for 2 on tuesday at 18:45 if that's possible.
sounds good. i need it for 2 people at 18:45 on tuesday.
i also need a taxi to go between the two places.
i just want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time. when would you recommend i schedule the cab?
great, can i get the contact number and the car type?
no, that is all that i needed. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant with expensive food.
is that in the south area of town?
yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 14:30 on friday?
thank you. that's all i need today!
hey, wait, just a second! i just remembered, i need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a hotel.
no, i don't have a preference. i'd just like it to be expensive, please?
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day
thanks have a nice day.
i'm looking for a particular attraction called funky fun house.
can you tell me the address?
actually, yes. i'm looking for a guesthouse called the arbury lodge.
where in the centre can i dine? i want something expensive.
can you recommend a polish restaurant instead?
how about one with gastropub food?
yes can you give me the address and phone number of the slug and lettuce?
thanks! i also need a train arriving at 17:15 on monday.
i'm departing from longon kings cross.
what's the travel time on that train?
what time does it depart?
that will be all. thank you.
no. i just need to know the departure time and how long it takes.
no, that is all for now. thanks.
i am looking for the gonville hotel
actually, i am ready to book. can you book the gonville hotel for 3 people for 5 nights, starting thursday?
i would also like to find a boat attraction.
i'm actually looking for something in the south. if there are no boat attractions there can you find me a nightclub?
please provide the entrance fee and phone number for me
ok if you read carefully, i also asked for the phone number please.
thank you goodbye
can you tell me about a hotel called city centre north b and b?
is that a hotel or a guesthouse? and do they happen to provide free internet?
yes, i am also looking for an indian restaurant to eat at.
i would like it to be expensive.
sure. i'll be going there on thursday 12:30 with two other people.
thank you so much for your help!
hi, i need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking. do you have anything like that?
thanks, i need a 4 star hotel in the east, the hotel needs to has free parking.
i need to book it starting saturday for 3 nights. there will be 3 guests.
thanks so much. that's all i need.
i'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.
is that a gastropub?
that sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 16:30 on wednesday?
the slug and lettuce would be fine. it will need to be on wednesday for 4 people. we'd like to eat at 16:30.
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.
yes, i would prefer to stay in the south.
yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on wednesday.
can you also book a taxi for me between the guesthouse and the restaurant?
i would like to arrive in time for our booked time at the slug and lettuce.
that is all i need to know. thanks.
i want to find a place that serves australasian food.
ok. is there anything for modern european food?
i don't care
sounds good. what is the phone number?
no thank you. goodbye!
i am visiting the centre area and need to find an attraction to visit.
what is one of your favorites? i would need the phone number and type of attraction.
thanks! i'm also looking for somewhere to stay while i'm in town.
yes, it needs to be in the same area as the attraction, cheap price range, free wifi but doesnt need to have free parking. do you have anything like that?
alexander bed and breakfast sounds nice. can you make a reservation for two for saturday?
i actually need it for 3 nights
thank you so much that was all i needed.
i'd love to find an asian oriental restaurant. something moderately priced.
that's perfect, thank you!
yes please book it for 3 people on sunday at 14:45 please.
yes, could you try 13:45?
no thank you. have a good rest of your day.
i'd like to find an expensive restaurant where i can eat african food.
yes, a table for two at 5:00. thanks!
i would prefer sunday at 15:30.
i also need a train from kings lynn on sunday.
i'd like to arrive by 12:00.
yes that sounds perfect!
actually i'm sorry i don't need it booked right now. may i get travel time, and departure time?
thank you very much. that is all for now.
actually, i need a table for 5, not 2, sorry about that.
no that's all i need. thank you for the help!
can you help me find a hotel called el shaddai? thanks.
yes, i think so. i hear a lot of good things about them. can you book me a room for 7 people for 2 nights on friday please?
i also need a train going to stevenage and arriving there by 13:00.
i'd like to leave cambridge on sunday, please.
may i please have the price for this train?
no thanks that's all i need for today. thanks for the help.
i would like to know what tourist attractions are in the south end of town? preferably something family friendly and moderately priced.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with some moderate pricing and they must include free parking, can you help me with that?
no let's try the east side of town.
let's try the guesthouse. could you please book it for 2 people for 3 nights from thursday? i will need the reference number as well.
i will also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking heading to kings lynn.
i need to depart from kings lynn aft 19:00 on thursday.
hmm, how long is the travel time on that one? and when does it arrive? can you get me the price, too?
i'm hoping to find a french restaurant in cambridge.
how about the north? can i get a table there thursday at 16:30 for 7?
yes, would i be able to get a table there thursday at 18:00 for 7?
well how about 15:30 then?
i am also looking for an attraction to go to. is there any in town?
please recommend something in the south.
surprise me and pick one for me! just make sure to let me know what kind of attraction it is.
i'm not much of a movie man, but i'm sure the others wouldn't mind. that sounds fine.
no, that's all i need. thank you for your help!
i need a 4 star place to stay in the north.
not at this time. let me think about it. thanks!
actually, i would like to book the acorn guest house for wednesday.
it will be 3 nights for 8 people.
can we please try for 2 nights?
what museums do you have in the centre?
that sounds good. can you tell me what the entrance fee is?
thanks. can i also have the address and postcode?
no, you've been a great help. thank you for your time. goodbye.
i would like to find an italian restaurant that's expensively priced.
i want to book a table for 6 people at 20:00 on thursday.
yes please. can you try 19:00 instead?
yes, i need a train out of cambridge on friday.
i need 6 tickets please.
i need it to arrive at birmingham new street
sometime after 8:30, please.
please book for 6 people the train that departs at 9:01.
thank you. that was all i needed for today. thank you very much.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
i am not sure what day, i am just researching now. i would like to have a 4 star hotel. are there any options?
i do not have a preference on area.
does it have wifi?
nope, that isn't important. can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on thursday please?
yes, i need a train to peterbourough on sunday.
i am leaving after 16:45, can i also get the price for the tickets?
i will be departing from cambridge.
i want one that will leave at 16:45 as i said earlier
it doesn't need to leave at 16:45, but after. sorry about that.
that sounds like it might work, could you just forward me the price of that one please?
that will be all today, thank you!
can you get me information on a hotel called a and b guest house?
do they offer free parking or free internet? i may want to book a room.
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
i also need to take a train. the train should arrive by 08:30 and should go to cambridge.
i will depart from kings lynn on saturday and need to reach cambridge by 08:30.
unfortunately, i don't know the train schedule. i was hoping you could provide that to me. i just need to arrive by 08:30.
yes please. i need six tickets.
thank you for your help.
that is all i need, thanks again!
i am looking for a place to stay in cambridge. i prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel.
does this place have free wifi?
yes, i would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on friday.
yes, can you help me find a train into cambridge?
i am departing from birmingham new street
if i could leave on the first one after 16:30. that would be perfect.
on friday, please.
sure. i would like 5 tickets, please.
that will be all. thank you!
can you help me find a good steakhouse? ideally i would like it to be moderately priced, not too fancy or cheap.
no, i'd like steak. maybe try in the west?
can you find me one that serves indian food?
yes please,book a table for 8 people at 17:45 on monday.
i'm not sure, let me check and see if my husband has any other questions.
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
west. and on monday
okay, i need to make sure it's in the moderate price range and that it's a guesthouse.
no thanks. i just need to see if they have free wifi and what their phone number is.
i would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 17:45 on monday from the hotel
thank you so much for your help. that's all i need.
hi! would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
it needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.
i do not have a preference. please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from friday.
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination bishops stortford
i need to travel on monday, departing cambridge. does that make a difference?
yes, i need 8 tickets. and could you provide the reference number?
no thanks, that will be everything.
yes, i'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food.
may i have their phone number, please?
okay, thank you
thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries.
goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.
i need the place to serve a turkish food. i'll need an address and post code also.
yes please. i'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.
i'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 21:15.
ok i'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. and can i get the reference number?
great, thank you! that is everything i needed.
i need a hotel in cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the south area.
i don't care about price range.
okay so it has free parking. what is the price range? also could i receive the phone number?
thank you! could you help me find an indian food restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
yes. what information do you need from me?
monday at 7:00 p.m.
before that, can i please have the address, phone number and postcode for the restaurant?
i need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by 16:15. can you get me the contact number and car type?
sounds great! that is all i need. thanks.
is there a restaurant in the centre?
i would like one serving korean food, possible.
can i get the address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye.
i'd like to find a place that serves moderately priced chinese food.
that sounds great. could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this friday please?
yes please. is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
no, you have been very helpful. thank you. good bye.
i need a place to stay
2 stars, free parking and wifi, located in the south, please.
do you have a 2 star in the east ?
can you reserve me a room for friday for 4 people, 2 nights please?
okay, great. thank you!
i am also looking for a theatre to visit. do you have any recommendations?
no, just one you think is the best.
sounds great. can i get the address and phone number please?
i also need to know what area that is in?
yes, one more thing. i need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.
i need to leave junction on clifton way by 7:45 and go to express by holiday inn cambridge.
thank you, that's all i need today.
can you help me find a 4 star hotel in cambridge?
i would prefer to stay in the west part of town.
i don't have a preference.
is this the expensive or cheap price range option? how much does it cost per night?
ok. i'd like the address, please.
not at this time, but i would like to find a place to eat. ideally an expensive german restaurant in the same area.
how about one that serves british food
graffiti sounds good. may i have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?
i'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. i'd like to leave the restaurant by 11:30.
can i get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will i be looking for?
great, you have been very helpful, that's all i need for now.
i need a train that leaves london kings cross on friday
i need to arrive at cambridge. i want the train to leave after 17:30.
i need to arrive by 5pm.
can i get the train id and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on friday, going from kings cross to cambridge?
i am also looking for de luca cucina and bar, can you help me locate it?
yes please, can i get a reservation for friday at 21:00 for 3 people?
no thank you, that is everything.
i have an odd request, i am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating.
is one of them in the centre of town?
what sort of rates do they charge?
can we go ahead and get the cheap one please
i will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on wednesday
yes, same price range.
that is all i need, thank you.
can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?
yes i would like a guesthouse in the north.
that sounds great do they have a room for just me? i'm checking in thursday and will be staying 4 nights.
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on monday
i am going to stevenage.
i would like to leave after 18:30.
no need to book. can i please get the travel time for that train please?
okay thanks so much. i appreciate the help.
can i get the travel time for that train?
that was all i needed today, thanks!
i need some information on cambridge. i'm looking for places to go in town.
sure, could you send me the postcode? is that a architecture?
i would like a hotel in the same area as all saints church.
that's it thank you
i am looking for a place to stay.
i would like to book at the leverton house as stated before. i need a room booked for 6 and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
thank you so much. that's all i need today.
please find a place that serves indian food.
in the moderate range, please
no, i don't have a preference. any you pick will be fine. i need to book on sunday at 14:00 for 4 people, please?
thank you! can you also tell me about whipple museum of the history of science, please?
cool, could you also give me the postcode?
i also need a taxi.
from the museum to the restaurant.
that will be all. thank you.
yes hi, i'm looking for an expensive place to dine.
the north that serves tuscan food and is insanely expensive, money is no object.
that is disappointing. how about some french food?
that sounds lovely. what's their phone number, address and postcode?
yes. after dinner i'd like to go to parkside pools. what is the address and postcode?
yes, can i also get their entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type, please?
are you sure the entrance fee isn't listed? it should be.
thank you so much for all your help. that will be everything today.
howdy! i'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the city centre.
sounds good. may i have their telephone number please?
not at the moment. can you also look up the attractions near the restaurant as well?
not at this time, but can i get their address and entrance fee?
thank you, that is all i need for now.
i am looking for a cheap place to dine.
i would prefer indian food in the city centre please
is it in the cheap price range?
will you book me for this weekend ?
hi, i want a place to eat in the town centre.
expensive and european food please ?
yes, i would like that choice. can you book me a table for 5 people?
can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the bridge guest house?
yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
saturday, please. sorry, i don't know how i forgot that information!
i will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation. (though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)
i need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time
i would like to leave at 16:00 to ensure i make the restaurant on time. please provide me with a contact number and the car type.
can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for saturday at 17:00?
okay, i'm all set then. thank you so much.
i am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and i would like to find a place that serves north american food.
i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.
yes. please look for a different place in the same area and price range.
not right now. thank you for your time.
i'm looking for places to go in the centre area.
i am looking for a college with free admission.
can i get the phone number and address for the college?
yes actually. i need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully. are there italian places near there?
i need a cheap price range for three people
what day and time would you like for your reservation?
yes, i am looking for an early evening train leaving from cambridge. is there one available?
tuesday going to bishops stortford please.
i would need to arrive by 16:30.
how much will it cost and how long will the trip take?
i also need a guesthouse to stay in. it doesn't need to have free parking or internet.
what are my options for guesthouses? i'm not sure about the area, price, or stars.
you choose. let me know the area, price range, and star rating of the hotel.
that's great then, i'll talk to you sometime again.
no thats it for today thanks !
i need to find a particular hotel called cityroomz. please send me all information you have.
thanks, can i get their phone number?
can i also get the address please? thank you.
thanks. i also need help finding a train to get me to cambridge from broxbourne.
i would like to travel on sunday and leave after 11:15.
please. i'll need 7 tickets.
thank you so much
no thanks. that's it. goodbye.
i've heard that the only trains out of cambridge leave before 8:00. that's not really true, is it?
is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?
the 08:01 is fine actually. can you book it for 6 people?
thank you. i also need information about finches bed and breakfast.
hi, i can't wait to get to cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions. i could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.
actually, skip that. let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. i am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town.
sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on monday at 17:00?
after dinner we would like to visit a park. can you find one for me. please let me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area. thank you!
i don't have a preference for the area.
thank you. could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?
no, i need a taxi to bedouin. i want to arrive by the booked time.
great. what kind of car will i be riding in so i don't get into the wrong one?
thank you so much for your help.
hello, i am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel cambridge belfry.
what is the price range of the hotel?
no, that'll be all, thanks. goodbye.
where in the east can i find a restaurant that serves venetian food?
i prefer the east but i am open to other areas of town.
yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there
how about indian food?
i would like expensive.
i'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive indian restaurant in the east? it would be more convenient.
yes, book one of the expensive indian places in the east please.
i would like to go on monday at 18:00 please.
it will be a party of 6.
yes. please try 17:00.
thank you also. could i receive the reference number for the reservation, please?
no, thanks. that's everything.
i am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is moderately priced. please help.
how about an indian restaurant, then?
no area does not matter.
that would be great. there will be 7 of us.
i need a table reserved for friday
i would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for friday.
yes, please. i need a place to stay.
it should be a guest house in the north
i would like expensive.
i would accept one with moderate price range. i also need free parking.
no thank you. i just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.
i need a taxi also for the commute between both places
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?
i need to leave bishops stortford. do you have a train going out?
i'd like to go to cambridge and would be leaving on thursday after 16:30. what is available then?
yes, that would work. what is the price of a ticket?
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves chinese food.
i prefer something expensive.
the ugly duckling sounds interesting! what's their address?
no thank you. that is all.
i'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the curry queen?
yes, a table for 7 at 12:45 on sunday.
need to book a hotel as well.
my preferred type is a hotel, and i want it to have parking and internet as well as a 3 star rating.
no i have no preference. i would like to book it same day for 7 people and 4 nights. i would need the reference number once it is complete.
are you sure? can you try both of them? i really need 4 nights, starting sunday for 7 people.
awesome, you've been a great help. thank you.
i'm looking for a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast
i'd like to book the alexander b and b for 6 people, 5 nights, and starts on thursday. can i have a reference number, please?
i'm also looking for a train on tuesday and leaving after 19:30
where i'd like to go is probably different than where i have to go, but i plan on going to stansted airport.
what is the travel time?
no. i am all set.
i need to find a place to stay. it needs to include wifi and i would like a 3 star.
are any of them moderately priced and have free parking?
you may decide which area would be good, just let me know which area you pick.
no but i also would like to get a train leaving from peterborough.
i would like a train on monday and need to arrive by 13:30
that sounds perfect. i'll book it later. that's all i need. thanks for everything.
please help me find a restaurant called frankie and bennys. thanks.
can you book a table for 1 at 17:00 on saturday there for me?
thanks, i also need a train going to cambridge, arriving at 13:00, please.
yes. i'm coming in from leicester.
what is the total travel time? and can i also get the departure time and a price please
how much does this ticket cost? thanks for your help!
no thank you that will be all
can you help me find a place to stay that has 0 stars and doesn't need to have free parking?
i would prefer a hotel.
0 stars, what could go wrong. i just need to find out the postcode and phone number.
i don't want to book right now, but could you confirm what area of town that is in?
i want to get take the bus to the centre area then take a taxi tour of the area can you help me arrange that.
i've changed my mine. i'd like a train that departs from stansted airport and goes to cambridge instead.
i'd like to leave on sunday after 12:00. can i have the arrival time, price, and train id please?
any arrival time is fine as long as i leave stansted airport after 12:00. the train which leaves the soonest after 12:00 would be fine with me.
thanks! no need, i just need the price, please.
thank you. that is all for now.
please help me find an expensive thai restaurant.
that sounds good. can you book me a table on thursday at 16:30?
there will be five people, can i get the phone number in case i have to change it?
thanks, so can you make the reservation for me?
can you help me find a fun place to visit in the east part of town?
can i get the funky fun house's phone number please? i think i'll call them and check on it.
okay great! that's all i needed. thank you!
i'm looking for a guesthouse in the north.
it should have a moderate price and i don't care about free parking.
i don't need it but do they offer it? also, can you provide me with the address.
yes please. i would like the address.
great. i am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.
north indian, please, and moderately priced.
how about indian food by itself?
yes please and may i have the address and phone number. i would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.
i don't need to book the restaurant. i do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.
i need to leave the restaurant by 17:45.
thank you, that will be all for me this time.
please find me a good cinema to go
can i have the postcode and phone number?
i'm also looking for a place to stay in. can you find me a 4 star place?
i would like something in the west. it doesn't need to have internet.
let's go with the cheap one.
a hotel would be perfect!
what is the price range?
yes, that would be wonderful.
one person, please.
for 1 day
what days are available?
i don't actually need to book a room right now, can you just give me the price range that is in?
no. i believe that is all. thank you for your assistance.
i'm looking for a popular museum in the area.
i'm interested in the centre of town.
can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art museum in the centre of town?
what is the address of that museum?
i am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.
is there a suite available for 2 people for 5 nights starting friday?
okay, go ahead and book it and get me a reference number.
nope. i think i'm all set.
yes, they have. goodbye!
i am looking for somewhere to go in the centre of cambridge
no, is that a museum or a church.
no. also find me a hotel by the name warkworth house
yes, please. can you reserve a room for monday for 5 people, 3 nights?
thanks! can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? maybe a museum or a park?
i think we would like it to be in the centre of town please.
actually, i will need to book lodgings as well.
no. that's perfect! thanks for your help. good bye.
i am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. can you help me?
is there chinese available?
yes please make it for sunday at 14:00, for 4 people. and can i also get the reference number?
thanks so much!
no thank you. that will be all.
i am looking for a portuguese place to dine in the south.
is this in the cheap price range?
yes please. i need it for tuesday.
for 5 people at 16:00, please.
i would like to go to a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.
great, thanks! thats all i need. goodbye.
i'm interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to cambridge
can you search for hotels instead of a guesthouse?
the east would be great.
does the holiday inn cambridge have free parking? i forgot to tell you i need that.
no, what is the phone number for the hotel?
yes, can you please tell me how many stars it has?
it has 2 stars. is there anything else i can do for you?
i'm looking for places to go in town, can you make suggestions?
i like a park that has vendors and kids can play
never mind. do you have any theaters in the east area?
are there any museums? will need the address and phone number. also looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food in the same area.
i was hoping for something in the east.
how about british food?
no need to book it. i would just like the price range, postcode, and address. thanks!
thanks for all your help. that will be all for today. goodbye
hi, i'm looking for information, specifically, a place to stay while i'm in town.
is it in the moderate price range? i need a hotel in the west with a star rating of a 3.
okay, how about just moderate price and three stars in any part of town?
okay, pick the west please. i need the postcode.
i am also looking for williams art and antiques. can you tell me what area that is in?
no, i think that's it. thank you very much!
i am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern european cuisine and has a moderate price range
book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on saturday. give me the reference number.
i am also looking for a place to stay in the north
i don't care about wifi but i definitely need free parking.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food.
i don't care
may i have the address and phone number please?
thank you, goodbye
i am looking for a place to eat that serves gastropub food in the centre.
is it expensive?
no, thank you. i just need the address, please.
i also am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. i would like to visit a college.
trinity college please.
no that is all i need, thank you.
i'm looking for an expensive 2 star hotel.
is it located in the east?
that's what i want. please book it for thursday for 3 people staying 2 nights.
yes, i would. how about a different hotel in the same price range?
yes, the star does not matter, just try the same price range, please.
just any hotel in the same price range please.
how about trying the gonville hotel?
yes, thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i would like to find out information about a hotel called warkworth house.
yes please. it'll be for 4 nights.
thank you. can i get a reference number for the booking?
i need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.
i'm also looking for a train. i'll be traveling back to broxbourne on friday.
yes i will be leaving from cambridge.
can you find me a greek restaurant in the centre of cambridge?
ok my second choice was british food can you find a british restaurant?
yes, please. it'll be for 2 people on saturday at 12:00.
i also want to find a museum to visit.
that sounds nice. can you give me the phone number and address?
do you have their address also?
thank you, i have all the information i need, goodbye.
i want a restaurant in the centre of town.
yes, french food.
yes! i need at table for 6 at 18:30 wednesday.
yes i need to find a train to cambridge from kings lynn.
thursday morning at 9 am
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.
that is all i needed today.
i wanted help with finding a hotel in cambridge today.
i don't have a preference. but it does need to have 4 stars and include free parking.
can you tell me the area the cheap one is in and give me it's phone number?
yes, could you give me information on the cambridge corn exchange?
i need the postcode please.
that is all i need, thank you. good bye.
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.
that's great. i'd like to book a table.
i think i will just take their address instead.
thanks for the address. can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?
does it have free parking?
okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?
thanks, i also need a taxi to commute between the two places. can you please assist?
i need to leave the hotel by 09:45.
thank you for your help.
good afternoon! i'd like to visit an expensive european restaurant. will you help me find one?
no, surprise me. i will need the address and the area, though.
i don't need a reservation, i just need the address and the area.
great,i also need information on getting a train.
i'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after 16:30
what time does it arrive and the price?
okay. thank you.
no thanks, that will be all.
can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves north indian cuisine?
how about one that serves modern european food?
it does not matter, i just need one available for 7 people at 18:15 on thursday
i also need the reference number please.
yes, i also need a guesthouse hotel with moderate prices in the centre. i don't need free parking.
how about a hotel type?
how many stars is cityroomz?
that is fine. do they have internet?
not yet. i would like you to book a taxi for me between my hotel and restaurant. i will need the car type and contact number.
i just want to be sure it arrives by the booked time at the restaurant.
thank you very much for your help! that was everything i needed.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves caribbean food and in the moderate price range.
are there any spanish restaurants?
what is the address, phone number, and postcode?
thank you good bye.
so i'm interested in portuguese food. do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the south?
yes, please. 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday.
great i am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by 12:30
i will be traveling on wednesday.
i'm traveling alone, can you tell me how much the train fare costs?
yes please book me on the train that arrives in cambridge on wednesday as closest to 12:30.
thank you. i also need a train to to arrive in cambridge by 12:30.
opps no, that was an error on my part. i won't be needing anything else.
i need lodging in cambridge that has free parking. i don't need internet, though. what have you got?
i also need free parking included and i would like it to be a hotel.
the ashley hotel does not have internet is that correct?
oh, that's great! what's the address for the ashley?
yes, i would like to book a room.
i also need a place to dine serving modern american food in the centre.
actually, i will go ahead and book myself later. but, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that would be great.
how about a british one then?
yes please. please book a table for 5 at 12:30 on friday.
thank you. i also need to get a taxi to go between the two places.
great thanks! that's all i needed.
i am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room.
i'd like the place to be rated 4 stars, and include free wifi.
it doesn't matter. i would need a room for 6 people starting saturday. for 6 nights.
no, i really need it starting saturday for 5 nights and with free wifi.
that's all, thank you.
hello, i am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
looking for lensfield hotel, kindly find out whether it has internet and the area
no but am also looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre
yes i would like the phone number.
i also need a taxi to get to the college. i want to leave my hotel at 04:45.
great! thank you so much for your help. that's all i will be needing for today.
hello, i'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge.
i want to go to leicester and want to leave on tuesday.
i need to get there by 17:15
yeah, that sounds great.
1. please also get me z restaurant called city stop restaurant.and give me phone number and postcode
what about the phone number?
thanks so much for your help.
great. thanks. can you look up a restaurant for me?
i need a place to dine on indian food. centre of the town please.
no. just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at 17:15 on sunday.
i need to find a 3 star guest house that has free wifi. can you help me?
the area doesn't matter, i'd just like a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
no need to book, just tell me the price range, postcode, and address if you could
yes, that's all. thank you. have a great day. goodbye.
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge. it should include free wifi and be a 3 star. can you help me please?
i do not care about price.
i would like a hotel in the centre with free parking.
do they have free parking? if so, please reserve a room for tuesday for 7 people, 4 nights.
thank you. i'm looking for places to go in town. can you recommend something near the hotel?
what's the postal code?
great that's all i needed. thank you. bye.
can you find me something cheap in the south part of town?
i do not care about the type of food.
is there anything else?
what is the address?
thanks, good bye
hello, i am planning a trip for next month. can you suggest some places to go in town?
i am interested in boat attractions in the centre.
i don't have a preference.
can you select one? i also need the entrance fee, if there is one.
thank you. i also need a hotel in the same area as the cambridge punter.
nope, i'm open on price. it doesn't need to have internet.
that sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights.
i also need to book a taxi when i got from the hotel to cambridge punter. i'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.
no thanks you have been very helpful to me
yeah, i'm looking for a room. do you offer anything in the southern part of town?
i am looking for something in the moderate price range with free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
yes, please. either one sounds perfect!
i need to book for 6 people starting saturday and staying 3 nights.
yes. what is the reference number?
perfect, thank you very much for your help! goodbye.
i'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the north, what kind of options can you give me?
i would like the one with the 4-star rating please. does it include free wifi by chance?
please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from bishops stortford and arriving by 08:30.
i need that train on monday please.
could you give me a departure time and travel time for that train?
not at this time. thanks for your help.
no, that settles everything! thank you.
i'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
area does not matter.
sounds great. can i get it for 7 people? 4 nights starting saturday
no,i will check husband and call back.
can we try a different one in the same price range?
okay let's try booking that and get me a reference number.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.
i don't have a preference on price, but how about expensive?
no that won't be necessary. i just need the phone number and postcode please.
no thanks. that did it. i appreciate the help. goodbye!
i'm looking for a hotel called worth house.
yes please, i need a reservation for 4 nights starting monday for 1 person.
thanks! i'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to cambridge.
i don't want to leave any earlier than 08:30, please.
is this train the same day as my hotel booking?
ok, that's all i need for now. bye.
hello, i'm looking for information on a hotel called hobsons house.
yes i need accommodations for 8 people for 3 nights starting from sunday. i will also need a reference number once the arrangements are made.
i also need a train.
i need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.
i'm leaving from cambridge.
i need to arrive at the airport by 13:15. can i get a departure time and also the travel time for a train? thanks!
not now. thanks for the information
i'm good, that's all i needed, thanks!
hi, i am hoping you can give me some information on places to dine.
yes, i would like a restaurant that serves corsica food.
how about gastropub restaurants please?
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on friday.
also, i'm looking for places to go in town that are in the same area as the restaurant.
it really doesn't matter. can you just recommend one and give me the entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number?
nope! that'll be all, thanks so much for your help!
can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the west?
my friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good seafood place.
i would like to stay in the west area. how about a british restaurant?
please get me the address
no, i won't be in town till next week, thanks. can you suggest a college in that same area?
can you recommend a college in the west area? i'll need the address, entrance fee and post code as well please.
sounds great. can i also get info on a taxi leaving from queen's college
well i want to leave the attraction by 11:00 and i need the contact # and car type
i do not have a destination at this time.
thank you for your help!
thank you so much for your help! that should be all for now.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food.
no thank you
thank you good bye.
yes, thank you. i want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
i'm looking for creative food in the expensive range in the centre.
how about indian food?
could you book a party of 5 for 16:30 on friday?
i also need a train.
i'll be going from london liverpool street to cambridge and need a train that will arrive by 12:30.
i need to depart on friday.
i'm not sure what time i need to leave, but i do need to arrive by 12:30.
could you tell me how long the trip is?
not now. thanks for the information
thank you for the information. i have all i need.
i am looking for a hotel called the leverton house.
yes, that is the one i wanted. could i book a four night stay starting on saturday?
there will be a total of 8 of us.
sure. you can try something different as long as it is in the same price range as leverton house.
thank you! good bye.
i am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me.
well i would like one that's in a moderate price range. it needs to include free parking.
no, that doesn't matter. i need to book one for wednesday.
yes, that works. i'd like to book 3 days for 7 people. i also need the reference number as well.
2 nights, then.
yes, please. something in the north, again.
nope. i think i'm all set. thank you kindly.
i am looking for a train departing from cambridge that would arrive by 19:45.
yes, i need a train that goes to ely and leaves on sunday.
that works, can you book 2 seats for me please?
i am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the centre. do you have any suggestions?
yes, i'd prefer british food.
that one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at 14:15?
the same day as the train, on sunday. can i also get the reference number please?
can you try booking for 2 on sunday at 13:15 instead?
thanks so much - that's all i need today. you've been a great help!
hi, i need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars. what can you recommend?
it doesn't matter where the hotel is located.
can you book the gonville for me please? it'll be just me staying
4 nights, checking in on saturday.
thank you for your help. do i need to do anything else or i'm good?
thanks for all your help.
i'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.
i would prefer lebanese food.
yes for 3 people at 13:45 on wednesday and a reference number bplease
i also need as train going to leicester.
i'll be leaving on thursday
i'd like one that leaves after 10:45
thanks so much you have been great! gold stars for you!
i am going to cambridge and need a hotel
not really. i like 4 star places that include free parking though.
i'd like to be in the north side of town.
that is great. can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?
i am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne.
i would like to leave after 16:15.
yes, can you please book for 3 seats?
thank you. that's everything i needed.
is it true cambridge has the best attractions? we are looking for something unusual to do in the centre.
that's perfect. thanks so much for your help.
yes can you help me find a place to eat too?
i would like chinese.
i would like to go site seeing
ok, i think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. the next thing i need is a hotel in the centre that includes free parking.
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 3 nights.
no. that is all for now.
i need a guesthouse, with free parking.
i would like it in the cheap price range in the west.
actually, i don't care what part of town it is in. i just need 4 stars. does the finches offer that?
yes please, just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on monday.
thank you for the reference number b4irjdnn. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel. i'm looking for something with zero stars, i'm kind of doing an irony thing.
yes the one in centre of town will you book it ?
is it a guesthouse?
yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday.
i am looking to get train tickets as well.
i will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by 14:15
yes, i will need tickets for the group. thank you
that is all for now. thank you
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves turkish food and is located in the west.
is there a restaurant serving indian food?
either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?
can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i am specifically look for a four star hotel.
not necessarily i just needed to be a guest house with free wi-fi
please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
i need a taxi to travel between the two places. i need to leave tandoori by 07:30. can you suggest something for me? i need contact number and car type.
yes to the hotel from the restaurant. i need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.
thank you so much for your assistance today i think that will be all.
hi! can you tell me about some of the museums in cambridge?
can you recommend one to me and give me the address?
what is the entrance fee?
yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves creative food?
how about on that serves mexican food?
yes, could i book it for 5 people at 12:00 on wednesday, please?
i am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is expensive. what ones are available to book for next thursday through sunday?
actually, i'm not looking for a hotel at all. i'm looking for a train on thursday that is departing birmingham new after 12:15 to cambridge. is there anything available?
anytime is fine by me. can i have the train id and travel time?
yes also i am looking to visit one of the colleges on the wets side of town.
could you provide me with the address of each location including the entrance fee for them as well?
thanks you have been very helpful. that's all i need for today.
i'm excited about my trip to cambridge to sight see, and need a hotel while i'm there.
im not sure but i would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
i am looking for something moderately price and that is 4 star rated. i prefer a guesthouse also.
i would like the postcode of aylesbray lodge and i would like to find where the milton country park is located.
i need both pieces of information right now.
thank you so much for all your help.
i need a taxi.
i guess first i'd better find a place to stay. i'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse and it should include free wi-fi and parking.
not really, but which of these have the best rating?
ok, could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode please?
yes i'm looking for somewhere to eat that does barbecue? is there anywhere like this in the city center? if there's no barbecue, what about japanese?
yes, that will work. can i get the restaurant address please?
no, that is all i need at this time. thanks for your help. have a nice day.
do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse?
something cheap, but 4 star quality.
does it include free wifi?
no, not right now. could you tell me what area that's in, and the postcode and phone number?
thank you for your help! that's all i will need for today.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre.
is there an international restaurant in the city centre?
could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday?
no. i think that will be all. thank you for your help.
i want a place to stay. find me a hotel that includes free parking.
the west, please. and can i get free wifi?
yes, that sounds like a good choice. can you book it for me for 3 people starting saturday? thanks
i would like to stay for 3 nights.
i need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.
it doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.
i am looking for an attraction in the centre that has multiple sports.
old school is the multiple sports attraction? great name. what's the address?
yes, can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
before we move on, may i get the postcode of old school? also, i'd like to find some information on hotel express by holiday inn cambridge rather than food.
book for 2 people and 5 nights from monday
thanks, again. finally, i need a taxi between the hotel and the old school attraction, please.
the same day, i want it to take me between the two places. i'll need to leave the hotel by 10:30.
great, you've handled all my needs for today! thanks a ton! bye!
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area.
i'd like a vegetarian restaurant.
that's disappointing. can you try international food instead?
i am looking for something in the moderate price range.
i am looking for information in cambridge
we need to find a guesthouse in the north for our stay.
must have free wi fi
great, can you please book me for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday?
i also need a train.
a restaurant in the moderately priced range, please
okay, would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town? i am having trouble deciding what i want to eat today.
phone number, please.
thank you very much! goodbye!
can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?
i'd like to leave from birmingham new street after 12:30. whichever train departs from platform 9 3/4.
yes, can you please make me a booking for 4 people on that train, and give me the reference number? thanks!
i also need a place to stay. it would be great if it had free wifi. i don't really care about parking though.
no preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). maybe a 2 star option?
tell me more about the one in the east please.
great thats everything i need thanks for the help
i'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.
yes please, what are their hours of operation?
on friday please at 19:30 for a party of 5 please.
thank you for your help.
i would also like to book a train departing from cambridge after 15:30.
i'd like to go to stansted airport on saturday. there will be 5 of us. can you book that?
thanks thats all.
no thank you. you've been very helpful.
thanks, you too, can i just close this dialogue?
hello, i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant. what can you recommend?
are there any in the centre location?
that sounds great. could you book me a table for thursday for 2 people at 11:00?
um ok? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
thank you so much. have a nice day!
hi, i'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.
i would be open to suggestions please.
yes, i do need the information.
thanks. please help me find information about a train to cambridge. it should get there by 18:15
i'll be departing from kings lynn.
i need a train that will leave on saturday.
that should work. can you give me the price?
not right now, i am also looking for an expensive italian restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
actually i don't need a restaurant after all. i have all i needed, thanks. goodbye.
i'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.
yes, i would like an expensive guesthouse please! the area does not matter.
i want a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
i guess. i'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on wednesday.
i am also looking for some international food.
do you have any in the east?
yes, please book at 18:45 on the same day, wednesday, for the same number of people, eight.
i'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in cambridge
not really. could you suggest one with free parking?
sure. can we spend 5 nights starting on sunday? i am going to need room for 7 people.
i would also like to eat somewhere cheap in the middle of town.
do you have one the is portuguese food ?
sounds great if it is portuguese. i'll take a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 for the same day.
no, that's all i needed today. thank you for your help! goodbye!
i have an attraction in mind that i need help finding.
yes, it is called nusha.
ok, thank you. i also need to find a hotel that is expensive.
i do not have a preference on the area.
is that a 1 star hotel?
can you look for a 4 star hotel in the same price range?
no thank you that will be all
i want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town.
is that in the expensive price range?
i would like one that is in the expensive price range, please. a bit more upscale.
no, are there any guesthouses available in the centre?
i need a cheap place to stay in the centre
do either of those include free parking?
then book one, doesn't matter which. eight people, two nights, starting wednesday.
no, that is all. thanks so much. bye.
good eve! i'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of afternoon tea.
no, i would like afternoon tea in the west.
could you try italian then?
what is the name?
can i get the information for prezzo?
i need to get the phone number, address, and postcode.
thank you. i am also going to need train information.
i need a train to leave after 9:30 from kings lynn departing for cambridge on thursday.
i would like to leave on thursday.
no not at this time. i would just like the train id for that train.
have a nice day.
that's all, thank you so much.
okay thank you for calling.
hello, i'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
yes, i am looking for free parking. internet is not important.
not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel
okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. also find me a train departing from london liverpool street to arrive cambridge by 08:15.
i am looking for a place to stay.
i would like to stay in the east and i am looking for a 4 star rating.
i want a cheap guesthouse.
that'll work. please book me a room for one, checking in monday for 2 nights
one person for two nights and need the reference number. also want to reserve a table at travellers rest for one on monday at 13:45, the reference number as well.
thank you so much for your help, that is all i need.
i am planning a trip to cambridge. i was hoping to find the attraction called magdalene college.
i'd like the postcode and address, please.
i'd like to find the ashley hotel, please.
yes. i'd like to book a room on friday for 2 nights for 7 people.
how about just for 1 night? can i also get a reference number.
thank you. i also need a taxi from the college to the hotel, please.
i'd like to leave the college by 7:00.
thank you that is all, good bye.
i'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre
any restaurant that you recommend will be great. can i have the postcode for the one you pick too?
no thank you. i am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
i would prefer to find one that is located in the north.
is there a cheaper one?
i would prefer a hotel.
do either have internet?
no thanks, i just need the address please.
thanks for helping. have a great day
have a great day too.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i would like to book a reservation at caffe uno.
i need the reservation for 1 person for friday at 10:15.
yes, i need a train on friday also, going into cambridge.
i am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by 08:15
just one. can i get the reference number for that?
yes, could you please email or fax me the fare amount, as well as the reference number?
thank you. that is all that i need.
can you help me find a train going to london kings cross leaving on thursday?
i would like to leave cambridge and arrive by 20:15.
i don't need the booking yet. you've already give me the train id. i just need the departure time and the travel time. thanks.
what is the travel time? i'm also looking for information on a hotel, carolina bed and breakfast.
i want to book for 5 people, 4 nights, starting from sunday.
thanks so much. that was all i needed today.
i need the address to a college in town
yes, what are the entrance fees?
thank you i also would like to get a place to stay in the south.
the price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. i don't need internet.
no, that's all. thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town.
it would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 3 star rating.
yes, please, we need it for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 3 people.
yes that's fine, can you please stay in the same price range though?
i don't care about the area anymore... could you please book an expensive 3 star hotel?
great. thank you for all your help.
hi, i am looking for a place to swim at in cambridge.
may i have their phone numbers and the entrance fee for the pools.
thanks, also in the centre of cambridge, could you find me an asian oriental place to dine?
i prefer moderate cost
yes i would like to book a table for 7 on monday at 17:45
let's try 16:45 then.
that is all i need. thank you.
can you help me find a hotel in the north that is moderately priced?
do either of them have free wifi and parking? it is critical that i have internet and a parking spot.
can you book the ashley hotel for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
i am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to cambridge.
wednesday also. i can't leave until after 15:15 though.
possibly, i'll have to confirm with my husband later. can you tell me what the travel time is for that train? and the price as well?
thank you. that's all i need today.
hello. i've been recommended a restaurant called the missing sock. can you direct me to where it is located?
i need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.
the reservation will be for sunday at 18:00 for 7 people. if 18:00 is not available please try 17:00 and provide me with a reference number.
i don't need it anymore. can you look for a place to stay, please? i would like something in the north with 4 stars.
need a hotel in the north with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.
yes, this sounds ideal. i need an address
and would it be possible to get a taxi from the kirkwood to the restaurant?
ok, that's all i needed, thank you so much!
i'm looking for british food. i want the restaurant to be in the town centre.
it doesn't matter. please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose.
perfect, thank you very much for your help
no, i look forward to dining at the copper kettle. thank you. goodbye.
find me expensive restaurant that serves international food.
british.
what is the phone number?
no, you've covered it all, i believe. thanks for your help.
i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town
either is fine, could you provide me their address and post code?
i would like to know which type of food nandos is serving.
no thanks. goodbye.
i am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town.
i prefer to stay in the centre of town. is there a turkish restaurant?
i don't care about the price range.
can you give me the address?
what price range is anatolia?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a specific hotel.
it was arbury lodge guesthouse.
yes i need one for 4 nights for two people staring from saturday.
thanks! can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?
how about a nightclub instead?
i like the name. could you give me kambar's address, postcode and entrance fee please?
can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? it should pick me up from the hotel at 13:45 and take me to kambar
no, there is nothing else i need today.
please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the east
yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. east is still preferred.
try something in the center of town.
yes please. it's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on thursday.
how about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving indian food.
i would like somewhere in the same area as the hotel.
then please pick one and give me their phone number band postcode.
that is everything. thank you for your help.
are there any restaurants on the west that serve turkish food? i want some.
same location but i want indian food now. yummy.
yeah, could you give me the address and phone number for the moderately priced restaurant?
yes i am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 19:15.
i need to get to bishops stortford on friday.
either one will do. what's the price and train id.
thank you. that's all i need right now.
i'm all set. thanks for everything. bye.
im looking for a place to eat eritrean food at the centre.
what about something moderately priced that's in the centre instead?
british food sounds good. what options do i have?
i am not quite ready to book a table, but may i have the address of the restaurant including the postcode and the phone number?
i also need a place to stay.
i'm not so concerned about the area, but i'm looking for something cheap. i won't need to use parking.
does it include free wifi?
is there another one that is in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?
that's great can you give me the phone number, postcode and address for alexander bed and breakfast?
nah, that won't be necessary.
entrance fee, address, and phone number
i am sorry. that was my mistake. i h ave all the information i need, thank you.
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant on the south side of town.
book me a table for 7 on thursday at 17:30 and send me a reference number. thank you.
i don't care what price range it is in. i will need a reference number please for the reservation.
yes please. let's try the other one you mentioned.
can you help me find a place to stay
yes i need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting thursday, can i get the reference number?
thank you. i will also need a taxi so that i can commute between these two locations and i need it to arrive at 17:30.
thank you. that is all i need.
list all thursday train times heading to cambridge.
okay, i guess that would be quite a lot of typing. how about this: i need a train leaving from leicester sometime after 21:45 on thursday.
anytime after 21:45 is good.
that is fine. can you give me the price and travel time, please?
i also need to find a place to stay.
i'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. can you find one in the north?
no, but parking is a necessity.
i don't care about price range, actually.
hi, can you help me find a hotel on the north side of town please?
do either of them have 2 stars?
can i get the postcode of one you'd recommend?
can you also tell me about some theatres in town?
thank you. that's all i needed to know.
i'd really like to visit great saint mary's church. could you give me some information about it?
can i get some information about visiting great saint mary's church?
what is the entrance fee for that attraction?
thanks. i am also looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre.
no, just expensive in the centre. recommend one for me.
definitely, please book me for 7 people at 14:45 on wednesday. i also would like the reference number.
thanks! that's all i needed.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of cambridge.
yes, i would like to find something with south african food.
what about one in the centre of cambridge that serves spanish food?
yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday.
yes please try 12:00 with the reservation for 8 and once made, send me the reference number.
yes i'm also looking for a place to stay
the hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
i need it in the same area as the restaurant.
i want the hotel to also be in the centre and moderate price.
can they handle 8 people? and we'll need it for 3 nights starting the same day as the restaurant reservation.
yes, i would also like to book a taxi to the restaurant.
can i get the contact number? and what type of car is it?
yes that is correct. thank you!
nothing else, thank you very much.
i am looking for an afghan restaurant in the expensive price range.
okay, how about mexican food?
yes, please. 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday.
how about 17:30 instead?
yes, i need a place to stay with free wifi. the hotel should have a 0 star rating. do you have anything like that?
is that expensive?
i need one that is in the expensive price range.
how about a 4 star expensive place to stay that includes free wifi? can i have the postcode, hotel type, and address of one that meets that description?
i don't care about the area. can you pick one and give me the postcode, hotel type, and address please?
no thank you, that's everything i need!
i need to know more about a hotel called home from home.
i'd prefer an address at this point. thanks!
thanks! i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.
yes, please. i will have a party of 8 ready to dine on sunday at 18:15.
perfect! that is all i needed.
oh yes of course. i need one to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15. please provide the car type and contact number.
no, that was all i need, thanks. goodbye.
african food in the cetre of town /
is it in the cheap price range?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves spanish food?
well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? i want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on sunday
i would like to arrive in cambridge.
i will be departing from london liverpool street.
yes please, just one ticket and i'll need the reference number.
that is all i need. thank you.
hi there, i am am trying to find out more information about the parkside police station.
no, that's everything i need, thank you!
is there a good place to eat near the police station?
never mind. i think i'm all set. thank you.
how are you doing? are there any european restaurants in the city center?
can i get the name and address of one of the most inexpensive ones?
thanks so much. i am also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?
i would like to see colleges. can you please recommend one with no entrance fee, and let me know the area. thank you.
thank you. that was all i needed.
i am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to. can you suggest any?
i don't have a place in mind but i would like for the guesthouse to be on pricier side.
could you see if there's a hotel that meets my preferences?
no, but i was looking for something with 2 stars.
please just give me their postcode.
thank you, that's all i need today.
can you help me find some thai food to eat tonight?
i don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!
sala thong sounds good. please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on monday
yeah i need a train too
i'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to london liverpool street.
let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. it needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday.
i would like 2 tickets please.
thank you so much. the restaurant and train are all i need for now. have a great day. goodbye.
are there any theatres in cambridge, particularly close to the city centre?
wonderful. can you get me the address and postcode?
thanks. i am also looking for a hotel in the north. i want something with a 3 star rating. are there any available?
i don't mind something a bit pricey, and i definitely need wifi.
that sounds perfect. yes, i would like to book a room please.
it will just be me. i will be arriving tuesday and staying for 3 nights.
i will need a taxi to go from the theatre to the hotel. can you help me with that?
i would like the taxi to be there by 04:30. also could i have the contact number of the taxi?
thank you! that is all that i need.
i want to find a place to stay with free wifi. it doesn't have to have free parking though.
is that a 4-star hotel? i do prefer a 4-star place.
ok, that sounds good, lets book a room please.
first, i need the price, phone number, and postcode there.
thank you! i am also searching for the good luck chinese food takeaway.
i want to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday.
great, thanks! that is all i needed for today.
yes, i need help finding a restaurant. preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.
no, i was actually looking for an indian restaurant. is there one?
can you please book me a table for one at 16:30 on sunday?
yes, please. i need a train to broxbourne.
yes, i will leave cambridge on monday sometime after 18:15.
yes please book me a seat and i will need a reference number please.
no, that will be all. thank you for your help. have a great day!
need a place to eat that has caribbean food, somewhere in south of town.
ok what about on any other side of town?
how about one that serves indian food instead?
that sounds good. what is the address and postcode for curry garden?
no thank you, i do need help finding a place to stay that has free parking though.
i prefer the room to be in a hotel.
yes please. can you make the booking for two nights?
i think i'll hold off on that reservation. does that hotel have free internet? i do want to book a taxi if you can do that.
from the curry garden to the hotel. i want to leave the restaurant by 23:45.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i need to get to cambridge on friday.
i need a train that departs from stevenage on friday. it should arrive in cambridge by 11:00
what is the departure and travel time please?
yes. i also need a place to stay please.
area doesn't matter, but i would like something moderate priced that includes wifi.
i would like it to be a guesthouse please.
yes i will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for friday please. i also need the reference number.
that's all i needed. thank you!
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is cheap
i want it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking, please.
i need to get a reference number first. this booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
excellent. i'm also looking for a restaurant.
i want a restaurant that serve belgian food
how about some cheap italian located in the north?
yes please. for the same amount of people on the same day at 14:15.
could you also help me with a taxi between the hotel and restaurant?
thank you for all your help.
no, that will be all, thank you.
i am planning a trip in cambridge. i'm looking for a train.
i plan to travel on friday.
i am departing from broxbourne and i would like the train to arrive by 10:00. what is the price for this?
no thanks. i just need the price per ticket.
okay thank you, i'm also looking for an indian restaurant in the east that is expensive.
please book that one for 8 people on friday at 17:00.
no, that is all. thanks, goodbye.
i'd like some information on a train going to bishops stortford departing from cambridge.
i'm leaving after 18:45 on thursday.
what is the arrival time?
thank you. i will also need to find a restaurant that serves mediterranean food and should be in the expensive price range.
no i would just like their telephone number please.
can i get their address please?
nope. i think that is all. enjoy your day and stay out of the rain. bye
i need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre, can you help me please?
yes, i'm looking for gastropub food.
do anything of them serve gastropub food?
any one will be fine. i need the reference number please after its booked.
i want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a tuesday please.
that is great! thank you for all your help.
thank you so much. that is all i need.
are there any pricey russian restaurants in cambridge?
yes i would like moderately priced european please.
no you know what. how about indian food instead?
actually, i want indian food not european food.
i would like the indian restaurant to be in the west.
yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on thursday?
i also need train tickets for my group. i need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to cambridge. same day please.
yes please. i'll need 3 tickets.
that's all, thanks a lot man! you were awesome!
no thank you, that was everything!
i'm sorry i don't know what you're talking about. i have gotten everything i need.
i would like to find a restaurant
cheap price chinese in centre of town ?
i apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, i was really looking for an attraction to see in the centre of town.
not really can you make a suggestion?
that sounds good. how much is the entrance fee?
ok no problem. i am looking to book a room at ashley hotel.
i will be arriving on saturday with a party of 8 for 2 nights. thaks
yes i will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. i would like to leave the hotel by 07:15.
thank you. that is all i need.
yes, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving european food.
does eraina serve european food? if so, what is the phone number and what area is it located in?
okay, thank you for the information.
are there any 4-star guesthouses?
yes. the hotel should be located in the north and should include free wifi
does home from home have free wifi?
no, thanks. have a nice day.
can you tell me if there is a restaurant named kohinoor in cambridge?
just go ahead and book a table for 7 on saturday at 12:45 please.
11:45 will be ok.
yes that is perfect. can i get the reference number please?
i also need to find a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the north, can you help me book one please?
can you let me know whether they have free parking and what the postcode is?
thank you for your help!
i'm looking for this particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from saturday
thank you. is there a museum close by that we could visit?
can you give me the address of cambridge artworks?
yes i need a taxi to get between the two places please.
i'd like to leave from the hotel by 21:45, please.
thank you very much.
no that seems to cover everything for me. thank you for all of your help.
i'm looking for moderately priced rooms. i'm willing to pay for parking, though.
it doesn't matter to me. is there anything available?
no i diffidently want a hotel. ashley sounds good can i book a stay on thursday?
i need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday
i also need a train leaving the same day as hotel
i will be leaving london kings cross. i need to be in cambridge by 15:45.
that's perfect! please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. thanks!
thanks for all your help! that will be all. goodbye.
could i get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town?
could you get me the address and phone number for the golden wok, please?
no, that's it. thank you for your help.
i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food
what is their address, number, and price range?
no, that takes care of it. thank you for your help.
hi there! i need a place to stay in cambridge, and i'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star hotels in town?
i would prefer lovell lodge, thank you.
yes, that would be great. i need accommodations for 6 people starting sunday for 3 nights.
yeah, can you try for 2 nights then?
thanks, i'm going to need some info on the cambridge punter as well.
thank you for all your help. that's all i need today.
i have to find a place to stay pretty quick. it has to have free wifi so i can work. can you help me find something?
i don't care where it is. i just want a cheap guesthouse.
as long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.
sure. would you book that starting friday for 3 nights for 7 people?
can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?
yes i need a train departing cambridge that arrives by 17:30.
i will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.
that sounds good, please book that for 7 people.
thank you. that will be all.
i am looking for kirkwood house.
yes, what is the address, please?
no thank you.
i need a restaurant to dine at in cambridge on my upcoming trip.
i don't care. it needs to be on the south side and moderately priced.
yes please. i also need a hotel with at least 3 stars and free parking.
how about a guesthouse in south side instead?
sure, what about in the city centre?
is there not one in the same area as the restaurant?
okay. can you try booking the el shaddai for me fo saturday for 2 people for 3 nights.
no that would be everything, thank you!
thank you, i will.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
what is the phone number and food of one of them?
thank you, goodbye!
can you help me find a train for my upcoming trip to your city?
well, i want to leave on saturday. you tell me the best options.
i would like to arrive by 19:00.
of course, silly me. i'd like to travel from cambridge to london liverpool street on saturday, and i need to get there by 19:00 please.
can you give me the ticket price?
ok, i'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable. can i please get the address to the restaurant hotel du vin and bistro?
i also need their phone number.
thanks for the help, that's all for now.
can you help me find a train leaving on sunday going to cambridge? thanks.
i'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.
it does not matter as long as i can leave after 9:00.
yes, that'll work. can you also please find me a place to stay?
three stars, moderate price range.
a guesthouse will be fine.
thank you! i don't need parking or internet.
it doesn't matter. can you please recommend one and book it on sunday for 3nights for 5
as i mentioned already, sunday.
that was all i need.
yes, i am hoping to find some information about cambridge for an upcoming visit.
i want to visit pembroke college. can you tell me the phone number and what type of attraction it is?
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the moderate price range.
italian sounds good. could i have the postcode and name of that restaurant?
perfect, i also need to book a taxi to leave by 09:45 please.
i want to go from the restaurant prezzo by 9:45 to pembroke college.
good, that works for me.
no, that is it. thank you, goodbye.
hello, i am looking for some good australasian food. i would like an expensive restaurant also.
and i would like something australasian, or if you can't find that, chinese, at least.
any area is fine with me, i can drive there.
i would like a chinese restaurant the is expensive.
yes a table for four please.
wednesday at 14:45 if that is not available please try saturday at the same time. can you send a reference number please?
i actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, i want to arrive by 10:30.
yes please. for 4 people as well.
no that is it. thanks for your help
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called city stop restaurant.
what is the postcode and their phone number?
nope, that's all i needed today. thanks for you help!
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
i am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.
let's try for one in the north area instead.
that's fine. i would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on tuesday.
what was the name of the hotel please?
yes please. can i get the reference number too?
how about for 3 days?
thank you very much! can you also help me find a train? i am looking for one that leaves from cambridge after 11:00 and goes to kings lynn on friday.
i'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please.
i need tickets for 3 people.
thank you! that's everything i needed. have a great day!
i need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.
i don't have a preference. i need a table booked for six people at 13:45 on thursday, though.
how about 12:45 instead?
i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leaves after 21:45.
it is stansted airport.
yes i need the price also.
thank you. that is all for now.
no, that is all i need, thank you.
i'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on tuesday.
from london kings cross and i need it to leave after 18:15.
i'd like to book the 19:17 train for 8 please and need the reference number.
i will also need a place to dine. i'm thinking something cheap, after that. maybe portuguese food?
i would like to dine in the centre area, so let's go with nandos city centre.
i will need it for the same amount of people.
i would like to dine at 21:00.
yes. please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 21:00. also can you give me the reference number?
no thank you, that looks great. have a good day.
thanks for all the help. goodbye.
i'm looking for a hotel in the south part of cambridge that's in a moderate price range.
i wouldn't mind a guest house as long as it includes free wifi.
actually, can you give me the address, phone number, and tell me if they have free parking?
i am also looking for a college to visit while i'm in town.
i'd like to try the north. what do you suggest in that area? please give me the address, phone number and entrance fees if any. thank you!
no colleges at all? yes, please tell me the nicest one you know of.
can i have the phone number and address?
ok, thank you.
is there an entrance fee?
i'm looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi.
by chance, is that a guesthouse? and does it offer free wifi and parking?
wonderful. can you book a room for 6 people coming in on friday for 5 nights?
thanks, that's all i need today. bye.
i am looking for a hotel called avalon, can you help?
i would actually like to book rooms for 8 people. can i do that?
this tuesday, for 5 days.
i guess, can you find me another hotel similar to the avalon?
i would like to stay in the same price range as the avalon
i need a place to stay in the east. oh i need free parking, thank you.
well i would like a guesthouse and i don't have to have internet.
it really doesn't matter. can you recommend one?
yes please, i need 5 people to stay for 3 nights starting on thursday
i am also looking for a place called nandos, it is a restaurant.
i have no preference, i just need it booked for 5 people at 13:00 on thursday.
okay why don't you try for saturday instead then?
can you try again? i would really like to try this restaurant. i have heard really good things about the food.
that was everything. thank you
thank you. thanks again for your help.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food.
is there any restaurants that serve british food?
can i have their phone number?
no thanks, that is all!
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it?
please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday.
is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range?
i want to go to a museum.
i would like to stay in the centre area.
an art gallery would be wonderful.
yes, that would be great. can you also give me the phone number for that location?
yes, i'm also looking for a chinese place to eat in the same area.
id like to make a reservation for 4 on sunday.
at 18:30 please.
wait...it is expensive? i was looking for a moderately priced place.
oh god, yes. i want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant.
yes book for 4 people at 18:30 on sunday
no thanks. thank you for working with me on the second booking. have a great day.
i will be traveling to cambridge and need lodging.
i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the moderate price range.
no, just need if for three people. three nights, starting wednesday.
i'm looking for a train leaving from bishops stortford.
i need the train on wednesday as well and i need it to leave after 16:45 please.
i don't care what time i arrive as long as i'm leaving after 16:45.
yes book it and please provide the reference number.
yes, please book them for me.
yes, could you please provide me with the reference number so i have it when i arrive at the station?
no thank you. that is all i needed. good bye.
i need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports
how about a concerthall ?
yes please find me their address and phone number
thank you. i also need a german restaurant.
wow! what about european food?
i am looking for modern european food in the moderate price range. any area is okay.
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on saturday
thank you! i also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. can you pleas help with that?
thank you! that will be all today!
i'm looking for a place to stay. it needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.
i am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.
yes. is there on in the moderate price range as well? to compare.
can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? there will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on thursday and spend 3 nights.
no, but i need to find a train. i'm looking to travel on friday to london liverpool street. can you help?
i'm looking for a japanese restaurant in town.
yes, what is their address and phone number?
thank you good bye
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant. it should be in the expensive price range, please.
yes in the south.
yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 19:30 on sunday.
thank you. i believe that's all i need for today. thanks. take care. bye.
i am interested in finding a great nightclub to take a friend to.
that sounds great. how much is the entrance fee?
perhaps their phone number?
perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves indian food? we are looking to accommodate 5 people at 17:30 on monday.
just book it on monday please, for 5 at 17:30.
we need a taxi from club salsa that will get us to kohinoor in time to eat. can you make that happen?
great that was all that i needed today, thank you.
can i get a train from stansted airport leaving after 14:45 please?
yes, on tuesday. anytime after 14:45 will work for me.
yes, what is the arrival time for that option?
thank you i also need a place to stay. i am looking for a cheap 1 star hotel.
as long as it is the cheap range, it should be ok
let's try the 4 star hotel, please.
maybe, do they offer free parking?
yes, could you book the allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting tuesday?
hello. i'm leaving the city on wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after 13:00. can you help me book a ticket?
i would like to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.
that sounds perfect. can you book 7 seats for me?
i'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of west.
it doesn't matter.
sure, for the same group of people on the same day at 20:00.
i also need the reference number.
no, thank you, that should be all.
i need a place to stay
i want to stay in the north area of town.
a cheap place with 4 stars.
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
thanks! i'd also like to find something fun to do in the same area as the hotel. what's around there?
tell me about the boat attraction.
sounds good. is there an entrance fee?
what about the park, is it free admission?
no that will be all i think thanks for your help
the guesthouse is booked and i have two attractions to visit. that's all i need for now. thanks, again.
i would like an expensive guesthouse, please.
are there any expensive guesthouses in the centre with free parking?
how about cheap with the same criteria?
yeah, let's do el shaddai.
i need a table for 2 people.
ok i will book it for you
please book the el shaddai for sunday, 2 nights, 2 people.
thank you. i will also need a taxi to go between the two places.
there will be 2 people.
i would like to be picked up at my hotel and i need to be taken to the restaurant by 16:30.
at the el shaddai.
i need a table for the same group of people and the same day.
yes, i am looking for indian in the centre.
i am looking for a saturday train departing from cambridge.
norwich is my destination and i want to leave after 13:00.
please book for 8 people.
thanks! i'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced polynesian restaurants around.
how then about spanish or a pub that serves tapas?
yes please make that reservation for me
i need it for 8 people at 10:30 on saturday
no, i don't need anything else
can i get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?
the hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the west area.
can you book it for me?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
what are some attractions on the east side? is there a swimming pool available?
i need the postcodes and entrance fees please.
oh you don't have that information?
no problem, i can afford it, why am i so worried? lol. that is everything i need, you were very helpful.
i am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.
i need to leave after 17:45 on tuesday
i'll take the earliest train. i need two tickets and the reference number.
i'm also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
i'm open to restaurant suggestions. what sounds interesting?
african sounds good. can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?
actually...can you just shoot me the address?
no. thank you that will be all. goodbye
can you help me find a guesthouse that has 4 stars?
somewhere in cambridge, but i don't have a particular price range at this time.
that would be fine. i'll need to book it on saturday for 5 nights and 3 people.
i could use some train information on a trip to birmingham new street.
i'm departing from cambridge. i do need to arrive by 17:45 though.
no thank you. i just need the departure time.
oh, silly me. thursday, please.
thank you so much. that's all i need.
hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.
thanks, yes please. i'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.
the gonville hotel sounds good. as long as it is close to the attraction.
i am interested in a museum.
oh, no, i am happy with primavera, thanks. i just need that reservation at gonville. 5 nights on friday for 1 person please.
just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, i want to leave by 15:45
actually, i'm all taken care of. thanks. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant.
actually, i'm looking for somewhere that's located near the centre. could you recommend somewhere near there?
yes, please.
it's for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on saturday.
great. thank you so much for your help.
hi, i need a train to cambridge on sunday.
i'm leaving from london liverpool street after 14:45.
please book me on the 15:39 train.
no, just one ticket please.
great. can you also help me find out about a restaurant called charlie chan?
could you please make a reservation on sunday for 7 people at 21:00? i would like a reference number.
how about 20:00?
i think that is it. thanks so much for your help
i am looking for a modern european restaurant in the moderate range.
sure, you can choose. as long it's in the moderate price range and serves modern european food, can you tell me what area it is in please?
let me think on that, could you help me book a train?
i'd like to leave after 13:45 on thursday from cambridge to stansted airport.
no, i just need to leave after 13:45. give me which ever one is earliest.
not at this time, no. i just needed the information, thank you.
that is everything. thank you!
hello. i'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings in the city centre?
can i get the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee for all saints church?
i would need a hotel also.
i don't have a particular area or price range, but i would like it to be a guesthouse with 4 stars.
does that guesthouse have free parking and internet?
yes, please book for 4 people, for 4 nights, starting from tuesday. i'd like to get the reference number, please?
thank you, that is all for now. you have been wonderful.
hi there. can you assist me in finding a park in cambridge?
are there any in the east part of town?
i don't need the address, but could i get a phone number?
yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at 13:45 on sunday? i will need a reference number as well.
sorry, i'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the pizza hut cherry hinton for 13:45 on sunday. i need a reference number, too.
that should be everything, thank you for your help today!
can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?
what is the address and price range?
thank you, goodbye.
an expensive restaurant please
i was thinking catalan food
are there any mid-range catalan restaurants?
how about italian?
great, what is thier address, phone number and area?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a hotel with free parking.
i do prefer that it be expensive and include wifi. location does not matter.
yes, i would like to book that for five nights starting wednesday and for eight people.
i'm also looking for a nightclub to go to located in the centre.
can i get the address and phone number for the nightclub with an entrance fee of 4 pounds?
nope, you have been great!
i need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3.
i do not have a preference for an area but i would like it to be in the moderate price range and free wifi.
i need a hotel not a gueshouse sorry. on tuesday for 2 people for 5 nights please. i am sorry.
any area would be fine.
yes please book that and provide me with the reference number.
yes please as long as it's in the same price range.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range
could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this friday, as well as get the reference number for the prezzo?
nothing else. thanks for your great help. goodbye.
i need a place to stay
downtown. in a guest house maybe.
i don't have a certain area in mind. but, i would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a guesthouse and not a hotel.
okay, thank you! will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting tuesday?
yes expensive and also looking for places to go nearby
yes. book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on tuesday.
i need to book a car
a taxi that should leave by 05:30
wait, i need to find a museum in the centre first, then i can get a taxi. i'm very sorry, i got a little ahead of myself.
yes, can i please have the phone number for the whipple museum of history?
okay, let's book the taxi now. i need to get between the two places.
i want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 05:30 to go to the alexander bed and breakfast, please.
yes that's correct. can i also have the phone number and type of car that will be picking me up.
no thank you. thanks for everything! bye!
i want to visit somewhere with interesting architecture.
nice, would like to
i also need a place to stay. can you recommend a hotel in the west area, please?
that will work can you book that for me please?
i'm not ready to book quite yet. can i just get the information for the time being?
you know, actually come to think of it i really need something 3 star that is in the centre of town instead of the west. do you have anything?
thank you that will be all
there are trains that run out of broxbourne, right?
i need to get to cambridge on sunday, and i need to get there around 10:00.
yes, i need a booking 3 people and the reference number.
i also need a place to stay in the south with a 4 star rating.
are either of those in the moderate price range?
please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting sunday.
great, thank you so much for your help! that should be all for now!
i need a train departing cambridge and arriving by 08:00.
i would like to travel on monday and arrive in kings lynn. it does not matter what time i depart.
yes. i would like to book the 5:11. i also need the train id and travel time.
i'd also like to find a place to stay. four stars, please, and on the west side of town.
are any of them guesthouses?
sure, i'll need it for 2 people, 2 nights, starting saturday.
no thank you, i have all i need.
i would like to find a very expensive indian restaurant, can you help me?
no i need to find an indian restaurant, anywhere in cambridge that is expensive please. i need the area located, address and postcode please.
thanks, i also need the location of kirkwood house.
do they have free parking?
what is the star of the hotel?
i'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. got any hotels that offer that?
i want to be in the centre.
do they have free wifi?
not yet. can i get the postcode for gonville hotel?
i also need a restaurant near the hotel.
i would like it in the centre, moderate range in price.
that would be fine. please make reservations for 1 on monday at 15:30.
thank you for helping me.
i'm looking for information on saint john's college.
can you tell me what area it is located in?
i need the address and entrance fee as well. also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the moderate price range?
i'm not concerned about the area, but i'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 3 star rating please.
that won't be necessary. i just need the address.
i'd like to book a taxi between saint john's college and the hotel, leaving the hotel at 4:15.
that's literally every thing i needed today. you've been amazing, thank you so much!
may have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
i don't care.
is there anything else?
what is the postcode?
that is it. thank you.
i need to find a good vegetarian restaurant
i meant train. i need a train ticket for monday.
i am departing from cambridge and going to bishops stortford.
what is the first train after 11:30?
could you give me the arrival time and price also please?
yes, please book the train for 1 person.
i'm confused. did i ask you to book a ticket? i can book my own passage, thank you very much!
thank you also. have a nice day.
okay, thanks. goodbye.
i need a guesthouse with free wifi.
east part of town
do they have a 4 star rating?
i'm sorry, i actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the north part of town.
yes please. give me the reference number!
i will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from tuesday. thank you!
yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.
that sounds great thanks.
thank you for your help today.
i'd like to get to cambridge by train, but i'm afraid i need to travel on sunday. will that be possible?
i am leaving from broxbourne.
can you get me one that'll arrive by 18:30?
yes, please. i need 2 tickets.
perfect, thank you! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the north. do you have an option that has free parking?
sure. please book for 4 nights starting on the same day.
thank you so much. can i get the reference number also, please?
2 people, 4 nights, for sunday.
no. thanks a bunch! goodbye
i am looking for an expensive australian place.
how about on one that serves turkish food?
can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?
yes,please and one that serves turkish food.
no, that should be everything i need.
you too! thank you for your help.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
what is the address of anyone of them?
thank you
thank you goodbye.
i'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in cambridge.
could it be in the north and include free wifi please?
no. but it should be a guesthouse.
i would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on sunday.
yes please. i need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on sunday.
i also need a place to dine in the north
thank you, i'm looking for a place that serves chinese food.
the price doesn't matter.
sure! i need a table for 1 at 16:15 on sunday.
i'm looking for places to go in town. maybe a swimming pool?
well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.
what is the entrance fee for those two options?
yes, i would like the phone numbers. i am also looking for a cheap asian restaurant.
it doesn't matter.
what are their prices?
thank you can i get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?
the restaurant please.
i also need their address and postcodes please
great! i'll also need a taxi to go between the two. i'll need to leave the restaurant by 08:00.
no, that will be all, thank you. you have been very helpful and also patient. have a great day.
i would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.
okay, how about mexican food in the south? i'll be needing a table for 4 this friday.
yes four people for friday at 17:30
what can you tell me about finches bed and breakfast? what area are they in?
can i get their postcode please?
yes, i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.
that's great. everything is set. thank you for helping me. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.
what is the address, phone number, and price range?
no, that will be all. thanks!
can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area?
how about mediterranean food?
la mimosa sounds good. can your reserve me a table for 1 on saturday at 11:15?
perfect. i'm all set the. thank you.
i would like to book a train that is running on tuesday and departs anytime after 20:15, can you help me with that?
the train should depart from cambridge and travel to peterborough.
that will work. what is the price and arrival time for that?
that is great. i also want to know about a hotel called home from home. can you find it for me.
yes. i would like to book for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.
thank you have a nice day.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
what type of food do they serve and may i have their address?
that is all thank you.
will need a train to arrive by 17:45 and should leave on friday
i am in broxbourne and need to travel to cambridge on friday.
yes that will work. could you please reserve tickets for 4 and provide the reference number too?
thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. a hotel in the centre.
in the moderate price range
yes. for friday, i'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the cityroomz. please give me a reference number.
thank you so much for all of your help. have a great day.
i need some info on a restaurant called royal spice.
could i book a table at 17:15 on friday, please?
i need a table for 7 people.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the north and should include free parking
i would like something moderately priced and i think i would prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel if possible.
perfect. could you tell me their phone number?
what is the car type?
i'm sorry, i need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant in time for our reservation.
thank you for the information and bookings. there's nothing more. goodbye.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i am actually looking for a train to stansted airport.
i'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on tuesday. i need to get there at least by 13:30
great. i also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.
please reserve a room for 1.
friday, 4 nights. reference number please.
thank you so much, that's all. goodbye.
i need directions to leverton house, a hotel in cambridge, can you help me?
no thanks. but i do need to book leverton house for two nights starting on tuesday. there are 5 in my party.
yes, i am also looking for a train out of cambridge for thursday.
i want to travel to norwich.
i would like to leave after 20:45. could i get the arrival time and train id?
i want to find a place to eat chinese in the cheap price range.
not today, can you recommend one of them to me?
i would like to book a table there.
book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on saturday and give me reference number
thanks! i'm also looking to stay at a hotel called lovell lodge, can you help me with that?
yes for 6 people, 3 nights on saturday.
that is all i need today. just the room booked.
no that was all i needed thank you so much.
what are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the west please?
a guest house sounds perfect. i am not sure about a reservation? is it a good place?
yes. can you book it for two guests? we will be staying three nights beginning tuesday.
yes - are there any indian restaurants in town? something moderately priced?
is it located in the west?
either is fine. i need a table for 2 the same day at 17:00.
yes, please, perhaps 15:00
okay. let's try 16:00.
fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
i am looking for a hotel to stay at in cambridge, at least a 4 star place please
are any of them on the north side of town?
can you check the north side for other hotels?
i'd prefer a 4 star in the north
is there possibly a guest house? i need free parking also.
no, no price preference. what do you recommend?
yes for 7 for 2 nights starting sunday, need the ref # too please
yes, please. are there any park attractions in the same area as the acorn guest house?
can i have their phone number, please?
that is all i needed. thanks a bunch. bye.
hello, i'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!
i was hoping to eat indian food that is moderately priced.
yes the north please.
yes, please. we'd like a table for 3 at 15:30 on tuesday.
thank you for the restaurant booking. can you look for a guesthouse for me? i don't need free parking by the way.
moderate price range please.
sure, please book it for 3 people. we'll arrive tuesday and stay for 2 nights.
that's all for now. thank you
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.
do you have one that is a guesthouse?
book for 6 people and three nights starting on thursday.
can you confirm a and b guest house is in the moderate price range, please?
okay, now i would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the moderate price range
choose one and surprise me. and book it for 6 people on thursday at 13:15. i'll need the reference number
yes! what do you mean it's down? i need a place to eat!
what is the name of the restaurant you booked the reservation at? we will also need a taxi to get there from the guesthouse.
i'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least 10 min before our reservation?
thanks! i'm all set now. bye!
everyone keeps telling me i have to stay at cityroomz when i visit next. have you heard of it?
yes, i would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
well, are there any other hotels that i can stay at during this time. i really need these dates.
no, please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday is unavailable can you try one night?
thank you so much.
no. that is all . thanks.
i will be traveling to cambridge and would like to dine on the west side.
i am looking for expensive brutish food.
no. i would like you to choose one and then please provide me with the address and phone number.
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay. i prefer a guest house in the same area as the restaurant.
no thanks, i'm just looking for information right now. i think i have everything i need for today.
actually, can you tell me if the hobsons house is 4 star rated? if it is, i would also need the address please.
yes, i'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the west with free parking.
i just need the info for the place. what is its address? as well as its price range
i need a taxi from the restaurant
yes. the taxi should leave the restaurant by 20:00
i need the restaurant by 20:00 and head for the hotel.
perfect. thank you so much. that's all for today
i need a train that arrives in cambridge by 16:30.
friday, departing from stevenage.
that is fine. how much is the ticket?
no but i need information on a restaurant called loch fyne.
do they have any available tables for 3 at 20:15 that day?
please book me a table for the restaurant and provide the reference number.
no, that's all i needed today. thanks for your help!
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.
i don't care.
can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number?
i'm looking for malaysian food.
how about asian oriental type of food?
no particular area, but i'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
is there anything else?
thank you, goodbye
i'd really like to get the number for the yippee noodle bar restaurant if you please?
ok, i would like to book a table for 4 at 13:15 on monday if possible?
hmm.. how about 12:15?
i would also like a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.
the train needs to depart from kings lynn and go to cambridge.
no, just tell me the price.
that should be all thank you
i need to find information on the bloomsbury restaurant.
yes please! for 2 people on sunday!
may i please have a reference number?
lets do a table for two people at 14:15 on sunday
try 13:15, please.
no, that is all. thank you.
i need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.
yes, is either of these hotels located in the north?
i need the address and phone to them please.
how about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the north?
no, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.
on second. wait. what was the price range on that guesthouse?
i think we're confusing each other. you said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so i'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in the north. do you have that?
no worries, i just need the address please.
i am actually looking for a college anywhere in town. can you recommend an interesting one?
may i have the phone number and the exact area.
thanks! i will also need a taxi please.
can you help me find a restaurant?
i'm actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of royal spice.
may i ask what type of food does royal spice serve?
i'll also need the postcode and area please.
great, thanks. that is all i need today.
i am looking for a museum in the centre of cambridge. can you help me find one?
no, that sounds fine. could i get the phone number?
i also need to find a hotel. i'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.
does the hotel include free parking?
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please
there are 2 of us. we will arrive on wednesday and stay for 3 nights.
oh dear. what if we only stay there on wednesday?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
from the hotel.
i would like to leave the hotel by 11:00.
no, you've been a great help already. thanks so much. bye.
i am looking for places to go in cambridge. i was thinking about visiting a college. any suggestions?
that sounds great, i'll need the address and entrance fee information, please.
can you help me find the limehouse hotel?
does the hotel have free wi-fi?
no thank you i just need their postcode and phone number please.
that is all for now. thanks for your help.
hello. i will be a tourist in cambridge and i've heard there are many local attractions.
can you recommend me a nightclub where i can get jiggy with it?
that is perfect can i have the postcode please?
thanks. last time i stayed in cambridge several years ago i stayed at the carolina bed and breakfast. is it still around?
i just need to verify some information before i book anything. do they still have wifi, and have the prices stayed moderate? oh, and they are in the east, correct?
awesome! i will also need to book a tai to go from the hotel to the nightclub.
yes, i would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 11:00.
that is all i need today. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please.
is it a guesthouse? i'd really like a guesthouse with 3 stars, if possible.
how about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?
first, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and tell me if they have internet?
that is perfect, thank you for your help. goodbye.
i need to find a asian restaurant in cambridge
i don't have any in mind as long as they serve asian food.
actually, i do not need a restaurant for now, i am look for a boat type place to go to in town.
i suppose the riverboat georgina.
thank you. i am also looking to book a hotel called hobsons house for 1 person starting thursday, please.
2 nights please and could i get a reference number?
thank you so much. that's all for now.
i'd like to find a train from cambridge to london liverpool street, please.
on friday, after 9:15.
can i get the price and travel time for tr7057?
i also need you to book me a room at alpha-milton guest house
what's the area at first?
no. i only need to know which area it's in. thanks.
i'm all set thanks for all your help, bye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.
is it in the moderate price range?
yes. please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this thursday.
thanks! i'm also looking for a hungarian restaurant.
you can look for indian restaurants.
no, any price range will work.
so, my group is going to need a table at 15:30 on the day we arrive at the hotel.
thank you. that is all that i need.
we are looking for a place to go while in town in the east.
a concerthall would be really nice. do you have one?
yes please, can i get the postal code and entrance fee?
i would also like to find a place to eat. can you find a gastropub restaurant in the expensive range?
is that close to the food place ?
so the royal standard is in the east?
can you give me the address and phone number of it?
ok perfect i also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i would like to be picked from cherry hinton at 22:00 and arrive at the royal standard, please.
i am looking for a restaurant called hk fusion.
yes, i would love a reservation for tuesday for 3 people at 19:15 please.
wonderful. yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?
sure thing. and could i get the postcode for it too?
i would like a booking and the reference number.
i'll need tickets for three and i will also need you to book at taxi for us as well. we want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.
thanks so much! that will be all for today.
i'm looking a train that is leaving on thursday but will arrive by 09:30 to cambridge.
i will depart from birmingham new street
that would be great. please book tickets for 7 people. i'll also need a reference number, if possible.
thank you. i will also need a place to stay in the north. i'd like something that includes free parking.
it doesn't really matter as long as the parking is free. i don't even need internet.
let's go with thursday.
yeah book it for the same group of people please
no that is all i need help with at the moment, thank you.
i'm sorry, but i actually needed the hotel for 4 nights, can you adjust that for me?
how about 1 nights.
i'm sorry, i got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 4 nights?
that would bee all thank you
i am looking for a hotel near the mall. the hotel should has free indoor parking, even it doesn't include internet.
i want to be in the area with the mall. which hotel is the closest to the mall?
do either of those hotels have free wifi?
i will try booking at the gonville for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
no, i think that covers it, thank you very much.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. it's called the cambridge belfry?
yes i need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
yes, please find one that is close to it.
in the same price range as the belfry. can i get the reference number too?
no thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for for a cinema in the south. can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?
how much is that cinema's entry fee?
yes, could you tell me their postcode?
yes, i'm also looking for a place to stay. i'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?
do they have a room available for 7 people? we're staying 3 nights and checking in tuesday.
i need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, i want to leave the cinema by 08:15.
that is everything that i need?
thanks, have a great day!
hi, i'm looking to take a train on tuesday and heading to cambridge.
i will be leaving from ely.
well i want to arrive by 16:15.
i could leave in the morning.
i don't need tickets just the information for the train. i need the train id please.
i also need a place to stay with free wifi.
i'd like a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free wifi, please.
any guesthouse in the cheap range?
i would like to book 5 people for 5 nights the same day.
that's all i need. thank you so much.
i am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves thai food.
of course
thank you. goodbye.
i am going to cambridge and i am looking for the cambridge book and print gallery
what is their phone number?
thank you. i'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves turkish food.
not right now, thank you for your assistance. have a wonderful day.
i need to find a train that leaves on wednesday and arrives at its destination by 12:30. can you help?
thank you very much.
i want to book that train for 6 people.
great, can i get the reference number for the train? also i would like to find a moderate price cantonese restaurant.
great please provide the reference number and then let me know about the restaurant.
no. i need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from stevenage, not london kings cross.
sure. once again, it'll be for 6 people. and please remember the confirmation number this time!
thanks that's all for me today
i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
i would prefer welsh food, please!
how about italian food?
sure. what is their phone number and address there
that is everything, still ironing out details, so i will call them later, thanks for your help.
that was all i needed for now. thanks
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
can i have the address and phone number of the italian location?
that's it. thank you, goodbye
we are interested in attractions in the center of the city.
ok, that sounds interesting. can you give me the street address?
oh, i like that one. thank you! okay, i also need information about a hotel called kirkwood house.
great, thank you for all your help.
yes, please book me a taxi so i can travel between my hotel and the cinema
i need to leave the attraction by 3:30.
why don't you suggest one and give me the address please, that's why i contacted you to help me
i actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the kirkwood house. i'll need to leave the church by 3:30.
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
thank you. i would really like african food if possible.
would you like me to book it for you ?
yes, please. 7 people at 17:00 for saturday
thank you. yes, i am also looking for an attraction in the same area of town.
that attraction works, can i have more information?
okay, great. i'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. i'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
thank you for all your help.
i'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
i would like an indian place in the east of town.
yes, i'd like one in the moderate price range. can you select one?
yes. 3 people at 13:45 on sunday.
are there any wonderful museums in town? i just need the address of one that you would suggest.
cool i need a cab now and i need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time of course
that's all i need today.
are there any cheap indian restaurants around?
yes, i would prefer the centre.
let's go with the first one, kohinoor. do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow?
wednesday, like the girl from the adam's family.
another place to eat, any type, centre and cheap.
actually, i just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 17:15. can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time?
thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
i'd like to try some turkish cuisine if there's a restaurant that serves it.
please do, thank you.
no. thank you. i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range.
do they offer free parking?
and what's their phone number?
that's all the information i need on the hotel. i would like to book a taxi to commute between the restaurant and the gonville hotel.
i would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15.
i also would like a restaurant.
no, thank you. please go ahead and make a reservation at meze bar.
i'll do that later once i find out how many people can make it. thank you for all your help.
i'm planning my trip to cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.
it is called avaion.
can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on saturday?
thank you so much, are there any theatres in the centre of town?
could i get the address there please?
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the centre part of town.
perfect, could i have the address and postcode please?
thank you! i'm also looking for a 4 star hotel and i don't care if it includes internet.
yes, actually. i would prefer it to be a guesthouse with free parking.
could i have the address and post code
thanks! i also need a guesthouse to stay in.
no, i am happy with your first suggestion. please reserve acorn guest house for 7 people. arriving sunday for 4 nights.
well thank you i am done.
thank you for all the help.
i need a train going to cambridge.
i will be departing from bishops stortford on monday and need a train that will leave that monday from bishops stortford to arrive cambridge by 10:30.
i would like to book the 5:29 for 7 passengers if that is available.
thanks. i also need a hotel to stay and should include free wifi
i would like to stay on the west side and also need free parking.
i don't have a preference. what do you recommend?
yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on monday.
that is all, thanks for your assistance.
i'm looking for colleges in town centre, preferably free admission.
what is their phone number?
my girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great turkish food place. do you happen to have any in town?
definitely expensive. we're going all out on this trip.
just to make sure, the restaurant is in the same area as the attraction, correct?
great, can i have their number, address,and postcode?
i need a taxi going from christ college and the meze bar restaurant. i want to leave christ college at 06:30.
no thats all i needed. thanks. have a good one. bye.
i need a train from cambridge to stevenage please.
i'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:30, please.
yes, please. i'll actually need 7 tickets.
i also need an expensive lodging in the center of town.
hmm, i was really looking for something with 0 stars. can you check for any guesthouses instead?
how about cheap price range?
okay, once you've found a hotel, could you give me the hotel type, post code and whether or not they have free parking?
thank you so much, no need for booking, that is all of my questions.
i'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
what type of food is served at the missing sock, and what is the address?
what is the address?
may i have the street address of the establishment.
thank you. goodbye.
thanks, see ya!
i'm looking for a gastropub restaurant.
can i have the address and postcode.
thank you, goodbye
i am in the center are of cambridge, are there any japanese restaurants in that part of town?
yes, if you could that would be great. can i get their number please?
i need reservations for 8 people please.
i need a table for 8 at 14:30 on thursday.
yes, i am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. possibly and entertainment type of venue.
yes, could you try the north please?
okay are their any colleges around? i need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please
phone number, entrance fee, and address.
great, thanks so much! can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?
have a nice day.
help! i am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.
i'm actually looking for some italian food.
and that's in the city centre? if so, can you make us a reservation? i need it for 6 people on thursday.
i need that for 16:15 please.
okay, i also need a hotel with wifi and parking.
i also need a four star place please.
please book that for me for today thank you
i only need to hotel information for now. thank you for your help!
that's it. i'll call you when i need something else. thanks.
i'm on the north side, please find me an expensive restaurant here
i'm open. what would you recommend?
yes please, book me for 4 people at 13:15 on friday.
can you find me a train from leicester to cambridge on saturday>
i just need to leave sometime after 16:30.
i do need the price and arrival time first.
thank you, that is all i need, you helped me a lot.
need a certain restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
yeah can you book me a table for 3 on thursday?
15:00 on thursday, please.
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to cambridge and depart from ely
can i get the price and travel time for the 7:35 departure?
can you book it for me?
i would like a reservation for 3 people please. i would like a reference number.
nope, thanks for your help. goodbye.
there is a certain hotel i want to stay in, can you book that?
it's the express by holiday inn cambridge
is there internet?
great, thanks. also, can you tell me a little about the scott polar museum?
wonderful. thanks so much for your help today.
no thank you, i appreciate all of your help, goodbye.
i need a place to stay
yes, i would like to stay in the north. i need free wifi. i'd like to stay in a moderately priced guesthouse please.
that should work. can you reserve enough space for 8 people starting on monday, for five nights?
i would like to book a place to dine as well.
i do not have a preference on the type of food but it does need to be near the hotel.
is hakka moderately priced?
i want somewhere in the same price range as my hotel actually. and i don't care about food type but i want to know what kind of food it is
is that in the north area?
can you suggest one, no wait, chinese sounds wonderful! i love refried rice!
no booking needed today. in fact, i'm all set. thanks for your help - goodbye!
looking for a hotel that is in the north part of town.
the hotel should be in the north and doesn't need to include internet.and should be in the moderate price range
yes please, i need 2 nights for 8 people and we will be arriving on tuesday.
can you help me find an attraction to visit that is in the same area as my hotel?
i don't have a preference. i just need it in the same area.
that sounds great, could i get their phone number please?
thanks. that's all i needed for today.
i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food, please.
please provide address and postcode.
that is all. thank you, goodbye.
i'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. i'm treating myself so anything in the expensive range is perfect
i'd like to be in the centre of town. surprise me with the type! i need to book for 8 people on wednesday 16:00. reference number please?
i also need a place to stay. cheap guesthouse will do.
as long as it's cheap, then yes.
hang on, i need to check on that.
alright, i need rooms for the same group on the same day. we'll be staying for three nights.
yeah, i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant.
we'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by 16:00 to avoid losing our table. be sure to provide contact number and car type.
thank you. that is all i needed. you have been a wonderful help.
i am looking for a train from stevenage. it should arrive by 10:30.
i will be traveling to cambridge on monday.
no thank you. i'd like to know the travel time, please?
great i'm also looking to get some restaurant information on one named for charlie chan
yes please. kindly book for a table for 2 people for same monday by 20:30.
thanks for your help.
that is all, have a good day.
thank you, you as well!
hello. i'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about sidney sussex college please.
will i be able to find it with just the street name? is that the full address? sidney street? please provide me with the full address.
ok, thanks! i'm also looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
yes, i am looking for one in the east and it should be guesthouse type.
can you tell me how many stars they are and if they have free internet?
yes, please book a space for one.
actually i will book it myself. allenbell sounds perfect. thank you, this is all i needed.
you've been very helpful. goodbye.
would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi?
i'm looking for a guesthouse, and i misspoke earlier. i actually don't care about the internet, but i do need free parking.
the area doesn't matter.
yes. i would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on wednesday.
can you get it for 2 nights?
that's all, thank you .
i need help booking a train to cambridge today.
i want to leave london kings cross on monday and arrive by 18:15.
i will need that for eight people.
thanks can you also help me find some food?
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the south. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range
yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at 21:00.
no, thanks that's all goodbye
hi! are there any european restaurants in the center of town?
very, very insanely expensive, money is no object.
yes thank you
yes, i need a reservation on thursday at 16:30 for 4 people.
can i have the reference number please?
a hotel and should include free parking, in the expensive price range,for same group for 2 nights
yes, i need a hotel for 4 people with free parking in the expensive price range, for 2 nights
i would like the hotel for two nights, starting on thursday.
no, that is all. thank you so much for the assistance.
that is all. thanks so much for your help!
hi i need a hotel that is in the east. i don't need free parking.
i would like the hotel if it has a 4 star rating.
what types of guest houses are there in the east?
i am not particluar.
do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting saturday?
okay, what about 1 night?
i would love to try some french food while i am there. could you help me find a restaurant?
i guess so. i guess maybe a good italian place would work.
yes, i would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by 16:15.
just to commute between the two places.
can i please have the phone number and area for pizza hut fen ditton? also, the guesthouse we booked is 4 stars correct?
yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 4 stars?
ok great! that's all i needed. thank you
i would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced.
i will choose anatolia . address please ?
can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on thursday?
that will be all thank you.
i would like to stay in a hotel that is moderately priced and includes free parking. can you help?
yes. can you please give me the address?
can you tell me how many stars that guesthouse is and the area of town?
i don't need to book at the moment, but i was interested in places to go in town. what colleges are there to visit?
surprise me. i do need an address and the entrance fee.
what area is it in for reference?
nope, that's perfect. you've been very helpful.
i was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.
sure, i like chinese.
yes i'll need a table for 7 on monday please.
yes, please. i'll write it down.
for friday for 2 people thank you !
oh, around 17:15. but, i meant to say on monday, not friday and for 7 people not 2. thanks!
i'm also in a need of a train
i'll need the train to come to cambridge, please, so that i can make it to the restaurant that you've booked for me.
yes, please. the same group from the restaurant will be traveling.
i will be departing from leicester and would like to arrive by 11:45.
thank you so much for your help.
that is all i needed.
i need information of a hotel called allenbell.
could you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting tuesday? i will also need the reference number.
i am also looking for an entertainment place.
that doesn't really matter. what's the entrance fee and area for your favorite entertainment place?
that would be fine. i think that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i need a restaurant. i've heard nandos recommended, could you give me more information about it?
what is the phone number?
no that takes care of it
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of cambridge. i'd like mediterranean food.
i want the expensive one. can you give me some information on them?
la mimosa sounds interesting. that's all i needed. thanks!
i need a train that will be leaving anytime after 16:45 going to cambridge, please.
the destination is cambridge and i'd like it on monday.
i'll be leaving from birmingham new street.
yes please and can you give me the travel time, arrival time, and train id?
you've given me all the information i need. thanks. have a nice day.
i am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit. can you help me find a guesthouse?
i'll need a guesthouse that has free wifi that has a rating of 4 stars.
no particular area, could you give me a recommendation?
yes, that will. can you please reserve a room for 4 nights beginning on sunday. there will be six of us.
i am also looking for an expensive indian restaurant nearby.
in the centre please.
can i have the phone number and postcode please?
that is all i need, good day.
no thanks, that's all i needed.
find me a cheap vietnamese food place please.
yes, please book a table for 8 on thursday at 15:00.
i also need a friday train.
i am departing from cambridge and going to birmingham new street.
i want to arrive at birmingham new street by 21:15, please.
yes please pick the last option and book 8 tickets for me. i will definitely need the reference number too.
great. thank you for all your help.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range
not really. i'd like a 4 star guesthouse, though, is that possible?
i think i have heard of that. can you just get me an address?
no. i do need some options for entertainment sort of attractions. in the centre of town.
museums or theaters, thank you.
actually, what colleges do you recommend?
could you give me the phone number and address for downing college please?
no, that will be all, thanks.
i'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
yes, i'd like to stay on the north end of the city if possible. no too expensive, please. something that's moderately priced would be best.
i'm not sure yet. if you have a moderately priced hotel in the north with wifi, i need the name and phone number.
no thanks. i just need the postcode and phone number of lovell lodge please.
that will be all. thanks.
i am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when i am visiting cambridge.
could you tell me if acorn guest house is in the moderate price range?
yes, i need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting thursday.
yeah, let's just try for one night please.
i want it to be a hotel and the stars don't matter.
yes. i need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from thursday.
can you try just one night? i can use the reference number, too, if successful. also, are there museums in town?
yes, book it and i need a reference number. it doesn't matter the kind of museum.
what is the reference number for the ashley hotel?
can you book it for 1 night?
sure, i need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the north area.
hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the north for 4 people, 1 night on thursday?
all right, then let's start all over again. i need a place to stay for 4 people 3 nights, if not then for one night.
yeah this seems fine. go ahead and book it for me.
no, but please try 1 night instead of 3.
yes, please book that for me and give me the reference number.
how about starting on friday?
book whatever is avaliable, thanks!
yes i would like to visit a museum.
no, just let me know what you would recommend and give me the postcode, area, and phone number.
thank you for that, can i have their phone number as well?
yes, that is all that i needed. thank you for your help! goodbye.
i need a train that is departing from cambridge and is leaving after 12:15.
i need to go to stansted airport.
no, i just need to leave cambridge after 12:15 on tuesday.
i am not sure yet. what are the prices for tickets?
no not at that time.im also looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking in the expensive price range
how about moderate?
i have no more specific needs. can you select your favorite and tell me their area, if they have internet, and how many stars they have?
ok that's all the information i need, thank you for your time.
i need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
i don't have one. i just need a guesthouse in the north.
no i don't. i just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting wednesday night.
i would like to get some pricey food too.
yeah, would you happen to know if there is anything fun to do in town near me?
i'm not sure what types are available, but i am looking for something in the city centre.
please pick your favorite one to recommend to me and provide me with the name, attraction type, and entrance fee. i am open to anything!
thanks for the information. what can you tell me about a restaurant called galleria?
yes, please. book a table for 6 people at 17:45 on friday.
no, thanks. i will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by 17:45.
the concert hall you recommended. the man on the moon?
i think that should cover it. thank you for your help!
i need a hotel in the lower price range that includes free parking.
any area, really. but also free internet if possible!
can you book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting friday?
yes, i also need a train from cambridge to ely.
i'd like to leave after 10:15 on sunday.
yes please book it.
i do not need to book it, all i needed was that info today, thanks.
i need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the moderate price range.
not really, but it should have 4 stars and be in a guesthouse.
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 3 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
no, that is all i need today. thank you.
are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town?
i would like to make a reservation for this saturday for 2 people for 4 nights please.
awesome, what about reference number?
thas all i needed. have a great day!
hello, i would like some suggestions for college attractions in town. could you help me?
i will go with whatever you recommend, i'll just need to know the entrance fee and postcode.
thank you. do you have any information about a specific hotel named the el shaddai?
thanks so much. you've been very helpful. that's all for me today. have a good night. bye.
you betcha. bye-bye!
i am looking for a cheap modern european restaurant. can you help me?
yes. 3 people at 13:00 on thursday.
thank you! what's the reference number?
i am also looking for places to go where i can take a boat.
preferably in the centre, i'll be staying in that area with some friends.
yes, may i get the address, entrance fee and phone number please?
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
i'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food
is that in the west area. i really would like to be in the west.
great. i would like that. can you book us for 8 people on thursday at 16:45?
i'm also looking for a hotel. i need free parking. it can be an expensive place.
i really don't. do you have any recommendations?
does that include free wifi?
it should be right there under internet...
i don't want to book it just yet. thanks for all your hard work.
no, that's good thank you for all of your help.
good morning, i need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range. can you please tell me what is available?
i would like the hotel to be in the north please.
okay, well, how about mid-price range then?
yes, please. 7 people, monday, for 3 nights.
yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on monday.
can you help me find a hotel today?
i was hoping for a hotel in the east that is cheap.
a 4 star hotel with wifi and free parking ?
that is all i need for the hotel. but i am looking for a place to dine.
i'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and i'd like to book it for one on saturday @ 15:00 . may i have the reference number?
yes, can you try for 14:00 instead?
no, that is okay. thank you.
thanks, you too. goodbye.
i want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.
i do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap.
yes, how about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
can i get the address and postcode?
that's it, thank you, goodbye
i want a train out of stevenage on saturday.
i want to arrive by 11:30 at cambridge.
the one arriving at 10:43. i just need 1 ticket and a reference number please.
i also would like to find an italian restaurant to eat at in the west.
la margherita is perfect for me, please book me a table at that one.
saturday at 15:15.
could you see if there's anything at 14:15?
no, that's it.
i am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves european food.
yes, i would prefer the north.
that's fine. can you find me a chinese restaurant in the same area?
sure, i need to book it for 6 people, please.
i would like it to be on friday at 18:15.
yes, i'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
yes the boat attraction, can i get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?
thanks. i would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please.
thank you, i won't be needing anything else. goodbye.
where are the good places to go?
yes, the centre is where i will be staying.
something that you think is interesting, can i have the address as well?
a museum would be fine. just pick a good one for me please.
find me its phone number and address.
thanks. i also need a hotel, definitely not a guesthouse, with free parking, please.
no thanks. i'll take care of that. i need the price range and their postcode please.
thank you. that is all that i need.
can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?
is it cheap and in the south?
ok. what is the address?
what is the phone number?
that is all, thank you, goodbye.
hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. i would also like the train to go to peterborough.
i would like to leave after 15:00.
the 15:34 sounds perfect. could you book me tickets for 2?
thank you, i also need to find a room.
no, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. i would like it to be a 2 star hotel.
okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. i'll need a reference number.
thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. bye!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
what is the address and phone number?
no, thank you, i have everything i need. thank you and goodbye!
goodbye.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please.
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 4 star rating in the east part of town.
i would like to be booked into the warkworth house starting tuesday.
seven, and three nights from tuesday on.
yes, any in the same pricerange.
thank you so much, that was all i needed today.
i am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.
it should have star of 0 and should be in the expensive range.
sure, i could stay at a cheap guesthouse.
i will take the one in centre, can you book that for 8 people starting friday for 5 nights? i need the reference number as well please.
next up i'd like to inquire about a train going to norwich.
i'll be leaving cambridge on wednesday and need to arrive by 13:15, please.
yes. what is the travel time, price, and departure time?
that should be all. thank you very much.
no thank you very much. good bye.
i would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.
i do not care about that.
yes, i'd like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on tuesday.
may i have the reference number please?
how about a different restaurant in the area and price range?
thank you, that's all i need today.
hello i am seeking a restaurant in the west side of cambridge to eat at. please only suggest expensive places.
i would like to eat british food.
yes, please. i need a table for 7 at 15:30 on monday.
yes, i need a place to stay. something that is expensive and has free wifi.
i'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 4 star hotel with free parking.
yes please. book it for he same group of people and 3 nights starting from the same day.
i also want a taxi to get to the hotel after the restaurant
wait, i want it to go to the restaurant by 15:30.
thank you so much for all the help!
i need to get to cambridge after 19:30
i'd be leaving from london liverpool street on saturday.
how long is the travel time, and what is the price for that train please?
no that's ok, i'll book it later if i need to. can you tell me anything about a lodging place named "a and b" something?
i'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 4 nights starting on saturday night. i will need the reference number once it's made.
no, indeed. that will be all. thank you.
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
i need to find a hotel in cambridge.
yes i would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.
what's their address and star rating? and do they have free parking?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address
i need to book a train for 6 people departing at cambridge and arriving at stevenage at 10:30.
i need to leave on a monday please.
excellent, thanks.
i need it to arrive at 10:30 actually.
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?
great, thank you! i won't be needing anything else! bye!
could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town?
i need to have free wifi.
yes that is fine.
4 people. starting tuesday, 5 nights.
as long as it's in the same price range. can you give me the reference number too please?
thank you. that's everything.
i'm looking for a train that leaves on wednesday from stevenage. can you help me locate one?
that would work for me.
yes, can you please and send me a reference number? thank you
yes i would please. thanks.
could you give me the train id, too?
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern eclectic food.
what about a chinese restaurant?
i'm not really concerned with price. which would you suggest?
i just need the address, price range, and the postcode.
um are there any chinese places to eat in that area? i want to keep my options open.
cool, i will go with that, no need ot book a reservation, ill do it later, that is everything.
can i get the address to the rice house?
what is the price range on that? and also the post code?
thanks, i'm all set now. have a good day!
hi, i'd like to find out about the hobsons house hotel.
if you have it, can i get their phone number and postcode please.
i'm not quite sure yet. do they have free parking?
not at this time. thank you for your help.
you too, thank you.
hello, i'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by 16:00
i'm departing on sunday.
what is the total travel time?
no,i am also looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the moderate price range
i just need it to be moderately priced so i can make a reservation.
hello. could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city?
do you have anyplace that serves chinese food?
ok i will go with italian food and pick the pizza hut cherry hinton. thank you for your help.
yes, please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on sunday. thank you.
how about 18:00?
that is all! thank you!
hi, i'm looking for some information about the cambridge corn exchange.
yes, can i get the attraction type, the phone number, and the address please? this sounds like it would be a great place!
thank you! i'm also looking for information on the gonville hotel.
yes please, do they offer free wifi and parking?
thank you. that is all the information i need at this time.
can you help me find a place to stay?
i would prefer to stay in the south please.
i've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. i need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.
no, but i do need a reservation for wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.
thanks. could you also help me locate an expensive british restaurant?
that sounds wonderful! is it in the same area as the hotel?
hmm, i really want to stay near the hotel. do you have anything in the south instead?
my hotel is in the centre, so the cambridge chop house will actually work. can you make me a booking for 3 people on wednesday?
i want to eat at 16:15.
oh yeah, i'm going to need a ride to get around.
thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?
no. that is all i need for today.
i need to find a nightclub to visit while in town.
i was looking for something in the east actually.
i'd really like to stay on the east side. what about a museum?
okay. what is the address and postcode for that museum?
i also need some info on the a and b guest house.
i'd like to book for 6 people starting thursday for 3 nights.
no, that's all i need for now. thank you for your help!
i am looking for the price range and address of the meze bar restaurant
no that is all the info i needed. thanks.
i want a train leaving from norwich.
i will be traveling by train, on friday.
yes, my destination is cambridge. i would love to arrive by 08:30 please.
okay. could you also help me with a a place to stay. i am looking for a guesthouse with 3 stars.
i need a place to stay with a star rating of 0.
that doesn't matter as long as the hotel is expensive.
how about something cheap?
does the city centre north b and b offer free wifi? if so, can you please book it for saturday with 8 guests, 2 nights.
that is all i needed. thank you
oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to cambridge. can you give me some departure times and how long is the travel?
i would like a train leaving after 18:15 on the same day as my hotel booking.
thank you. can you book it for me?
i won't need a ticket. can i just have the price, please?
no thanks. i'm done. have a nice day. bye.
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of entertainment.
the centre part of town
okay may i have the entrance fee and postcode for that please?
thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 4 stars.
it should be a hotel with wifi. find me its postcode and address
no thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that hotel is a fit for me. i am set, thank you for your help.
thanks a lot goodbye.
i am looking for a french restaurant.
i don't care.
are there any other french places available?
that sounds great! may i have their address and postcode, please?
please give me the address and postcode
that's it. thank you, goodbye
can you find me a cheap spanish restaurant?
i am looking for a cheap restaurant.
can you please give me the address?
what is the area?
thank you. good bye
i am coming to cambridge and cannot wait to eat at some of your loal restaurants. can you help me find a train out after dinner?
i will be departing from ely and arriving in cambridge.
i would like to leaver after 9:30.
yes, it will be for 4 people.
could you book it for four then?
yes please, i'm also looking for an asian oriental restaurant within the cheap range. can you find one for me?
actually just provide me with the address for that location
that is all i need, thank you for your help.
i'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the centre of town.
no, thank you. is there a museum in the centre area?
yes, i would like the address, please.
yes, thanks, i'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. do you have any listings that serve polynesian food?
how about something in the cheap price range?
are any of them italian?
i would like to book zizzi cambridge for 6 people on sunday at 16:15.
is there anything available for 15:15?
can i get the reference number, please?
thank you very much for your help today!
that was everything. thanks!
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food and in the east part of town.
what is the address, phone number, and price range of the grafton hotel restaurant?
thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a vegetarian restaurant near south cambridge, or a restaurant that has a variety of vegetarian dishes.
uh, can you tell me where the man on the moon exhibit is?
what is the area that is in?
yes, i also need a place to stay i need a hotel that is expensive.
free parking isn't that expensive to me, are there any others or just the university arms?
does it have internet?
is it in the centre? if it is, i would like to book it.
please book the marriott for 4 please.
i'm not sure yet. i actually just need the info. sorry.
no, that is all i need. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a hotel called a and b quest house.
i need a room for 1 person, for 5 nights, beginning on saturday. i will also need the reference number.
i'm also looking for a place to eat.
i'd like to try crossover food at a moderately priced restaurant.
how about one that serves indian food?
yes, please book it at 14:00 on saturday for 1.
no. i don't need anything else. thank you and bye.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food. i don't care about the price range.
is there anything in the area for chinese food?
what is the address and phone number of charlie chan?
thank you. that is all the info that i needed. good bye.
can you help me find a moderately placed modern european restaurant?
sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 18:30 on thursday?
i also need to get a train.
i'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and i need to get there by 12:30 on thursday.
i there one that arrives close to the 12:30 time?
yes, please and provide me with a reference number.
that is everything, thank you so much for your help!
i am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town.
can you see if there are any that serve indian food?
any would be fine. but i need to book a table for 8 people for sunday at 12:15.
sure as long as it's in the same area and price range. i need the reference number too please.
thank you, that's all i needed today!
are there any expensive restaurants in the north?
could i get the phone number and postcode for the european one?
no thank you. i'm also looking for a swimming pool, can you recommend one?
okay, thank you! what is their phone number?
no, that'll be it, thank you!
i am planning a trip to cambridge
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on sunday
yes, please. i'll need tickets for 5 people.
i'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves thai food.
no moderately-priced thai places in the east, huh?
let's try indian food.
curry prince is good. book it for the same group of people please
on sunday at 20:45 please.
ok, great, that's all i needed! thanks!
i am looking for a hotel with free wifi.
i would like a four star hotel, and i don't need free parking.
could you recommend me a hotel that is cheap?
hmm, let me see...i think maybe a moderately priced 4 star hotel might be better. do you show any availabe?
sounds great. can i book 8 people for 2 nights starting tuesday?
i am looking for places to go in the centre.
are there any museums available?
i don't have any in particular. what would be the highest rated attraction in that area?
that sounds great. can i get the postcode for castle galleries?
no. that's all i needed. thanks!
i'm hoping to find a moderately priced korean restaurant.
can you run one more search for korean cuisine in the centre area please?
okay what about spanish cuisine then?
please. i need a reservation for 8 people at 12:45 on sunday.
yes, i would also like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range.
no, it should be a guesthouse though.
yes for 8 for 3 nights starting sunday
no that is all the help i need today. thank you
i need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves portuguese food.
it does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 12:00. could i get a reference number?
i still need the reference number.
yes. do you know anything about a place called sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway?
what is the full address for that park?
what is their entrance fee?
i also need a taxi from the park to nandos. want to get there by 12:00. thanks
no, that should be everything. thanks!
i am trying to find a train that leaves on sunday from london kings cross.
i am wanting to go to cambridge and leave anytime after 13:30.
i want to make a booking for 4 people
thanks i'm also looking for a moderately priced lebanese restaurant.
i would like to get the phone number for that please.
nah, i'll call and do that on my own. i think i'm all set. thanks for your help!
thank you i will appreciate your help
you too! take care.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the north part of town.
no specific price range. i would like for it to have free parking.
choose one, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from monday
thank you. i am also interested in attractions in the same area as the acorn guest house. i feel like going to the cinema.
do you have any boats any area ?
yes may i have the entrance fee please?
thank you so much for the info. that is all i need today, goodbye.
can you help me find a hotel with free parking?
north area of town
actually, i'd like a guest house.
is it moderately priced? area actually doesn't matter as long as it is a 3 star moderately priced guest house
yes, and i would also like the address?
no that won't be necessary. thanks for your help.
nope, that's it. thanks again.
i'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and i don't need to have internet. can you help?
tell me about the expensive options.
the university arms sounds good.
i need it for 8 people, 2 nights from monday.
hi, i'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the centre.
yes, how about a museum in the centre?
what is their address?
i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
i want a cheap restaurant that serves polynesian food.
can you try spanish food instead?
there's nothing that serves spanish food in the cheap price range in the centre of town?
yes! please do.
i'd like it for saturday at 17:45, just one person.
can you help me get a taxi?
i need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
that is all thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food.
i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves lebanese food.
yes please, i would like the address and phone number.
thank you. no, that's all i need. goodbye!
i would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. can you help me?
ok. can we look for something on the north side?
that sounds like a good option! does it include internet? i won't be needing it during my stay, but i'd like to know.
can you book it for me?
please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from wednesday.
looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the same price range as the hotel
i want the one in the north please
yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 18:45 on wednesday.
could i also get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant please?
that is all, thanks.
i am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.
i am in the mood for lebanese food.
let's go with lebanese.
can you list places for french food?
cote sounds good. what is the address?
yup book it thanks! can you recommend a place to go nearby as well? thank you
nope, don't book it! please give me the address instead.
yes. i need to a place to go. i'm thinking it would be convenient if it was in the same area as the restaurant.
nothing in particular what would you recomend and what are the entrance fees?
yes, i would also need a taxi to go between the two places.
i want to leave the attraction by 11:45.
thank you. have a great day!
please click on end of dialogue.
can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
no, not really. what's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?
yes and i would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to kings lynn.
i will be leaving from cambridge on sunday.
perfect! i would like to book it for 4 people.
yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.
okay can i get the reference number?
thank you. that is all i am inquiring about today.
hi! are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking?
i would like something cheap and a 4-star rated guesthouse would be better.
can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 5 nights?
no, that is all. thank you!
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
can i have the phone number of the chinese place please?
ok, thank you
i need to take a train to cambridge after 09:30.
i will be leaving from ely.
i need to depart broxbourne and travel on monday please.
yes, please for 8 people.
i'm also looking for a recommendation on mexican restaurants in the south.
not right now, but could i have the postcode?
no thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area. can you locate one for me please?
i would like to get information about moderately priced.
can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on sunday?
i need something else in the west, moderate priced.
thank you! that's all i need from you today.
i would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at kings lynn.
i would like to leave on monday and arrive by 13:45.
yes, please book tickets for 6 people on tr7430 and provide the reference number once you have completed that. thanks!
can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre?
i'd really like to try british food - will the oak bistro be ok for that?
where is the restaurant located? i would like to book a table for 6, around 10:45 on monday.
that would be great! and can i please get the reference number for that?
no, that will be all. thank you!
hello. i am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay.
i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
no, but i would like for it to be moderately priced. could you recommend a place?
that will work fine. could you make a reservation for 3? i'd like it for 5 nights starting saturday.
no, that's all i need. thank you!
is there anything cheap in the centre of town?
would you have something modern european?
can i have their phone number, postcode and address please?
no, that is all. you have been very helpful. thanks. bye.
i am looking for a place to stay that is named aylesbray lodge guest house. could you give me some information about it?
yes. we're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. we want to check in on tuesday.
thank you, can you give me information on museums in the east side?
that sounds interesting! can you give me their address and postcode, please? and how much is it to get in there?
thank you. i need a taxi to leave my hotel at 16:15 to go to the museum please.
i'd like to leave by 16:15, please.
sorry, could i please get the postcode for the museum?
nope, that's all for today. thanks. goodbye.
i want a restaurant on the west end of town.
i don't care.
a moderately priced restaurant would be good.
no preference
can i please have their address and phone number?
thank you, goodbye
i need places to go in town
i'm looking for an attraction in the north. what's the fee and postcode for your favorite?
thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay. i'll need free parking, but wifi is not necessary.
no. i actually would like to find a guesthouse instead. i would like one that offers free parking.
actually, i really don't know this area. i could use a recommendation. i just need a guesthouse that has free wifi.
i would like the post code for the hotel please.
could you tell me the star rating?
thanks, i won't need anything else from you today. take care!
thank you! goodbye
i need a place to stay in the west part of the town? some place with free wifi please.
it doesnt' matter. i don't care about parking either.
pick one of the two hotels for us please.
sounds good. let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.
thank you. i need to find an indian restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.
that sounds good. can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on friday? and tell me my reference number
yes, i need a taxi to get us between both places, and i need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.
that's all i need for now. thanks for all your help!
i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. if not then how about modern european food?
i want the most expensive one available.
what is the address?
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse
any part of town as long as it includes free parking.
you read my mind. yes, free parking.
no, i'm not picky.
yes, if acorn house has free parking, please book my reservation.
i'm sorry i don't need a reservation. could you just confirm the price range, postcode and what area that is in?
thanks so much. i won't be needing anything further today.
can you help me find the a and b guest house hotel?
yes, one person staying for two nights starting monday. can you book that?
that is unfortunate. i can cut my stay down to a single night if that helps.
yes, i'm also looking for something to do on the north side of town.
swimming would be fine.
can i have the postcode for that pool please?
no, that's all. thank you.
i need a place to stay. what's available on the west side, with free wifi?
i'm looking for something with a 4 star rating and also free parking. is anything like that available?
i prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. any price range is fine as long as it meets my other criteria. can you make a suggestion?
yes, i do need a reservation.
6 people and for a week.
i will want to start from monday on.
i also need information about a restaurant don pasquale pizzeria.
yes please. i need a table for 3 at 11:30 on monday.
i need to get a taxi. i want to go from the huntingdon to get to don pasquale by 11:30.
that will be all for today! thanks so much for your help!
i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. what is the address and postcode?
thank you, goodbye.
hi. i a looking for a cheap place to stay. what can you recommend for me?
i would like something in the east of the city, i don't care about internet
that sounds good, thank you
yes. i need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
sure, can you try just 2 nights, please?
no that would be all.
yes i am looking for a expensive place to dine in the centre of cambridge
i am not particular about the type of food. i need it in centre though.
yes, just give me a name. i'd also like to know what type of food it serves. once i know all that i need the postcode.
are there any moderately priced hotels in town?
does it include free wifi? what is the star rating?
do you have any 4 star, moderately priced hotels in that area?
how about one with the same features but in the expensive price range?
yes, i also need postcode, the area of the hotel and leave the restaurant by 20:15. i need a taxi to commute between both, the contact number and car type.
okay thank you. now about that taxi?
from the acorn to the midsummer house.
thank you for all your help. good bye!
i am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in cambridge.
okay. can you tell me how much it costs to get in?
yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the warkworth house?
i would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.
actually, yes. i need a taxi to pick me up from holy trinity church at 1:15 and take me to the hotel.
yes, please, that would be nice.
no thank you, that is everything.
could you provide me with information about the huntingdon marriott hotel?
yes. i want to book it for 7 people. we will be staying for 4 nights starting from monday.
yes lets look for a 3 star rating hotel,please.
great that was all i needed today thank you!
i am looking for a train to cambridge. i need to arrive by 20:00
i'll be heading in from leicester on thursday.
yes, please book it for me.
i just want to know the price of the ticket.
thanks! i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. it doesn't need to have free wifi.
i'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
yes i will like it to be in the center of cambridge.
i would like it to serve european food and be expensive please.
thats a very unique name, and sounds like something i would like to try.
i just need the phone number and post code please? can you also help me book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge on saturday arriving before 15:15?
thank you very much, now i just need to get the train id, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving bishops stortford and going to cambridge by 15:15.
wonderful. could you please give me the train id, the departure time, and the price?
no thank you, that is all i needed. goodbye!
can you find a college for me to visit?
no, where would you recommend?
may i have their phone number please?
thank you may i also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves european food. located in the south?
fantastic. can you book a table for 7 on saturday at 19:00?
thank you. thank is all. good bye.
i want to book the el shaddai hotel.
i am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting tuesday.
that will be it. thank you very much for your time.
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre. can you recommend one?
are there any australian restaurants?
what about european?
yes can you please make me a reservation?
just me. and i need the reservation for wednesday.
make it for 11:15.
thanks i also need a hotel to stay at with free parking in the same area as the restaurant.
i am actually looking for a hotel to book, not a guesthouse. i need a hotel in the center with free parking.
lets book the gonville hotel.
i need a reservation just for myself for 3 nights starting wednesday, please.
thank you for all your help.
i don't care about price range, find me an european food restaurant, please.
what ids the address and phone number?
great! thank you very much.
good bye
good bye.
i am looking for a restaurant serving seafood, in the center of the town.
no, i want expensive italian food instead.
yes i need a table for 8 sunday at 16:45.
please give me the names of the 4 choices and i'll make my selection. needs to be an expensive italian restaurant in the centre. thanks!
i would like to book a reservation for 8 on sunday at 16:45 at stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
can i please get the reference number and then can you help me find some places to go near the restaurant?
im sorry for being so loop, how about a college in that area, whatever you recommend.
i also need to book a taxi.
i would be leaving the restaurant.
i will be need a taxi also to get from corpus christi college to the restaurant.
just one more thing. what is the entrance fee for the college?
thanks, i'm good to go now. i appreciate your help, bye!
i'm looking to book a train to cambridge. i need it to arrive by 16:00. i also need it to department from cambridge. can you assist me?
i need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 16:00
yes, please. i need five tickets.
can you check for italian restaruants in the centre area? thank you in advance.
i'm looking for a expensive restaurant.
yes, please book a table for 5 at 13:30 on saturday.
can i have the reference number?
thank you for your help, that is all i need for today.
do you have any information on a restaurant called the golden wok?
can you please book that for friday at 13:15 for 3 people and give me the reference number?
how about 12:15 on friday?
thanks. can you help me find a train to london liverpool street now?
i would like to leave after 17:15 on saturday.
not just yet, could you provide me with the travel time for tr8824?
perfect, thank you.
no, that's all for today. thank you again!
hi, i'd like a 3 star hotel please. and also internet!
actually, i don't have a lot to spend. do you have anything in a cheap price range?
okay, why don't we splurge a little. how about telling me what you've got that's expensive?
i'd like to book a room at the gonville for 5 people. we'll arrive on saturday and will stay for 4 nights, please.
may i have the reference number for my reservation please?
i am also looking to eating italian, in the east part of town.
could i get the address and price range first?
thank you that's all i needed today.
could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the centre
ok, sounds good. could i make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 13:30? can you send me a reference number as well. thanks!
i also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant.
it doesn't matter but i would like a guesthouse with free parking.
do they both have free wifi and parking? which would you recommend?
yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places
can i get the number for the taxi and the car type?
i am looking for a train departing from cambridge.
i actually need to go to birmingham new street by 13:45 on tuesday.
please, just one ticket. can i have the reference number as well?
thank you! can you also help me find a place to dine?
no, i would just like something expensive. i like the west side of town.
surprise me. i need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.
that's all i need, thank you.
i am looking for a greek restaurant on the east side of town.
tang chinese. once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on tuesday
are you sure? could you please remove my eastern greek preference and look by name for tang chinese?
are you sure? i really need to find a place called tang chinese.
yes, for 6 on tuesday at 16:45.
i'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by 09:30, the same day as the restaurant booking.
yes. can i get the travel time please?
actually i just needed the trains information. thatll be everything thanks for the help
hi, i'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be entertainment based.
could you find some interesting architecture then?
sounds great, can i have the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode please?
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the same area.
could you find me something moderately priced, please? i'm not picky about what it is.
that's not necessary. i want to book a table for 1 person at 15:45 on saturday.
how about 14:45?
no that's it, you've been great, thank you!
i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
chinese food
could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north?
thank you, goodbye.
hello! what can you tell me about the shiraz restaurant?
sounds good! i'd like to book a table for four at 14:00 on monday.
could you change the time to 13:00.
great i am also looking to find the arbury lodge guesthouse.
yes. can you book for 4 people for 2 nights starting on monday?
that's all i need, thank you very much!
i need an expensive place to dine in the center of town.
type of food does not matter to me.
yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight.
just one, and can you book me for 14:00?
sure, for thursday.
please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
thank you. that's all i need today.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the moderate price range
i would like a guest house, with free parking.
no it doesn't.
1 room, and i'll need it for 2 nights starting friday.
i am also looking for a train on the same day to cambridge
yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!
no that's everything. you've been great thanks.
thank you goodbye.
i am planning a trip and need information on a particular attraction.
i would like information about cherry hinton water play, please.
i also need a place to stay
yeah i'd like to stay in the south.
should have a star of 4.
yes. book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
can i get a taxi from the attraction to rosa's b&b by 02:30?
no, that's it. thank you. you've been a great help today.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
i need a train going to cambridge, departing from london liverpool street on tuesday and would like to arrive by 12:45
i'd like to book for 6 people.
can you give me info on museums in town?
do you have a favorite? pick one for me please. i need the postcode.
i would also like information for a restaurant near the museum.
i actually don't need anymore information, thank you.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant.
i dont care
yes, in the west part of town please.
what is the address and phone number of one of them?
is there anything else?
yes, please.
thank you. good bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from the americas.
yes, let's look for an italian restaurant in the same area.
can you check again to see if there are any italian restaurants in the center of town?
no, any of those are fine. could i get the address for one of them?
yes, i also need a train that will be departing from kings lynn on monday.
i would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by 9:30.
yes. i want to book 6 people. i need the reference number as well.
this is all i need for now, thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay in the east.
it doesn't matter as long as it has free parking. are there any with 5 stars?
it doesn't matter to me whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, but i really want it to have free parking. can you check on that again, please?
can you try a 4 star hotel instead, please?
i don't care about the price range. can you book it for 4 nights? there will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on friday.
that is all i needed, thanks for all your help.
can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?
i don't really have one but would like to try a european restaurant.
sounds great. would you book me a table for 8, for monday at 19:00?
are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?
the attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. a museum
what area are they in?
yes, please provide a suggestion.
i will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning.
thank you so much for all your help.
hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
i would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please.
great that's all the information i needed today, thank you!
same to you! goodbye.
hi! i'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.
it does not really matter can you suggest one?
sounds perfect. is it architectural? also, can i have the address with postcode?
yes, i'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1. it should be in the city centre please.
do you have any guesthouses with a star rating of zero?
no not right now. what is their address?
i also need a taxi to get to little saint mary's church by 3:15.
i'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from saint mary's church by 3:15 going to the guesthouse.
no that was all i needed. thank you, goodbye.
hello, can you help me find a four star place to stay in the west?
does this include free parking?
please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting on friday.
yes, could you try just for one night starting on friday? please let me know the reference number as well.
i need an expensive restaurant. something that is impressive in the same area of the hotel. can you find one for me?
no, i don't have a preference. but i want something in the west and is expensive. can you suggest one?
i don't have a preference but i need the reservation at 15:15 for 6 people on friday. can you find one to meet those requirements?
that is great. thank you.
no, thank you! goodbye.
i can't wait to try some of your local restaurants. can you help me with an attraction to visit also?
it is called kettle's yard.
can i get the address as well please?
what is the entrance fee for kettle's yard?
great. i am also looking for a restaurant.
no, i'd just like for it to be in the east and moderately priced.
yes book that for 5 people at 15:00 on sunday.
thanks, that's all i need today! goodbye!
can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
i do not care what kind of food.
what is the address and phone number of the golden wok?
thank you, goodbye.
hello, are there any indian restaurants in the city centre?
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 15:15
i would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town.
nothing in particular, i just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
no thanks, but i do need a taxi. would you be able to help?
from the restaurant to the museum.
sorry from the museum to the restaurant...i just need to be there in time for our reservation.
great, thanks so much!
no, i'm all set, thank you.
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
yeah. i'd like a moderately priced tuscan food restaurant.
okay, can we try modern european food instead, please?
great can you book that for 4 people at 17:45 on sunday?
thanks so much. can you help me find a train?
anytime after 17:00 on thursday going to london kings cross
i am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in london kings cross.
yes book it for 4 people
thank, that is everything i need, you were so helpful.
i'm looking for information on la tasca.
great! can i book a table for lunch wednesday?
i need a booking for 4 people at 12:00 on wednesday.
i also need to get to norwich on thursday and i need to be there at or just before 14:30.
well, thursday. have to get there from cambridge by 14:30.
no thank you, i just need the travel time.
no that's all you can help me with.
i need to book a train leaving from london kings cross.
i need to leave after 11:30 on tuesday. i'm traveling to cambridge.
yes can i get the price on that?
can you find me a restaurant that serves afghan food and is located in the east?
how about italian food?
i want to book a table for 4 people at 21:00 on the same day as the train.
that is all thank you goodbye
can you help me find a theatre in the centre please?
can i have the phone number?
thanks! i am also looking for information on a restaurant named the ian hong house.
is it possible for you to make a reservation for me? it would be for monday.
book for 4 people on monday at 18:15.
that's all i need. thank you for your help!
thanks, i appreciate it. goodbye.
can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?
does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?
any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.
no 3 star places to stay in the north? it doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse?
no, i just need the price range and the phone number
are there any french restaurants in the same area as the hamilton lodge?
could you please give me the postcode for restaurant two two?
hello, i'm in the west and i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range. can you please help me?
what's the name of the italian place?
i would like it to be italian, and in the west please.
book a table for 7 at 14:45 on saturday and get me a reference number
i also need the area and address of an attraction called old schools please.
no, that takes care of everything! thanks!
can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi?
are there any in the moderate price range?
yes please i need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
how about a different hotel in the same price range?
that will be fine.
thank you for your help.
thank you very much. i will.
i am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating
cheap price range and a guesthouse.
i'm not too concerned with area. which would you recommend, and do they have internet?
the allenbell sounds great. can i get their phone number and postcode please?
thank you. i also need a train on friday.
the train departs from king's lynn on friday at 12:30 and goes to cambridge.
yes, that would work for me. can you book me 4 tickets please?
thank you. that's all i need for now.
could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse
yes. will you please make me a reservation?
it's going to be for 8 people and 2 nights, starting thursday.
what about for just one night?
that is all! thanks!
i need a cheap place to stay please.
yes, i would like to stay in the west please.
are they 3 star hotels?
i would like a hotel please.
yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on friday.
i am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for sunday departing from cambridge.
it should arrive by 09:00
yes, we'll need tickets for everyone in the party.
thank you so much for your help today.
i am looking for information and could use your help finding a train.
i need to leave stevenage on saturday.
i don't have a departure time preference but i would like to arrive by 15:45.
what is the price for that one?
what's the train id?
i also need a hotel. i don't care about parking but it does need free wifi.
the south . and make it a guesthouse with free parking also.
price is not an issue for me. please recommend one of them for me.
yes please. i need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from saturday.
that is all i needed today.
what is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town?
is there anything else? if not, chinese.
yes, can you give me the address?
no, thank you.
i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 09:30.
the train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.
that sounds great. can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?
thank you. i'm also looking for a particular hotel called the huntington marriot hotel. can you help me?
yes i need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from monday. also could you please provide me with the reference number?
alright, that's everything! thank you very much.
please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food.
european food?
i don't care where it is.
what is the price range ?
what is the address, phone number, and area?
that'll do. thank you. good bye.
thank you. good bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.
anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.
definitely something moderately priced. if you can't find venetian, how about british?
yes, please. find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?
okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on tuesday.
i also need a place to stay. can you help with that?
i'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.
i am not looking for a specific area, but i would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.
does that one have free internet as well? if so it will work great for me.
thanks, i need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i am traveling between the two places discussed, i need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.
i'm sorry, i clearly wasn't paying attention. yes that is all i need.
yes. have a great day.
i am looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of town, could you provide me with some options to choose from please?
i'd like a cheap one, please.
what are the other two restaurants in this price range?
yes please. what are the phone numbers of those places?
not now. thanks for your help, goodbye.
i am looking for a guesthouse please.
any area as fine, as long as it has 3-star accommodations.
yes, that sounds great! can i get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving tuesday.
how about for 2 days? if it's available will you please book and provide a reference number?
great. are there any trains that go directly from cambridge to norwich?
no, that's everything i needed.
i'm looking for architectural attactions in the centre. can you recommend one?
could i get the phone number and address for holy trinity church?
i am also wanting to find a place to stay. although, i will need something with free parking. i can't afford to pay extra at some place that charges extra.
are any of these accommodations a 0 star?
does it have free wi-fi? i can't afford to pay extra for that, either.
can you tell me what area the el shaddai is located in?
no thanks, that's all i need for now.
bonjour, i need a 4 star hotel with free internet, please.
no, i don't have a price range or area of town.
yes, i would like free parking. i don't care whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, though. could you suggest a place?
i don't care, a hotel or guesthouse. pick a good four star, with wifi and parking. i need to book for thursday.
great. i have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting thursday.
that should be all! thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a saturday train.
i want to leave cambridge to birmingham new street and arrive by 20:45.
ok, can i get the train id and the departure and travel time please?
that's perfect. i also need a hotel to stay in. should be rated 4 stars
anywhere in the south. as long as it has free wifi.
no particular price range. i would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
can you provide me with the address and if they have free parking?
no thanks, just grabbing some information for now. thank you for all of your help.
i'm looking for a restaurant called the gandhi.
can you book it for 8 people on sunday at 14:45?
i would also like to find somewhere fun in the middle of town to go.
sorry, i actually wanted somewhere in the west
sure, please provide me with the postcode and address
thank you for your help, that is all i need today.
i want a cheap italian restaurant in the south side of town.
i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
yes can i get thier address and postcode?
thank you! goodbye!
i am looking for places to go in the south part of town.
actually, i would prefer the cinema.
thank you, can you also find a restaurant called ian hong house.
can you reserve a table there for 2 people on wednesday at 14:45?
that is all i need. thank you.
hi, i am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. can you help me find a place to stay while i am there?
i don't really mind about price, but i would like a 4 star guesthouse with wifi located on the east side.
yes i would. i need it for 3 nights & 3 people starting on monday.
could you tell me about the restaurants neat the hotel?
i am looking for indian food.
no price range but i would need the postcode and phone number
no thanks, just gethering info for the real boos, my wife. i have no further questions.
will i be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the north part of cambridge?
i would like a guesthouse. the star rating doesn't matter, but the hotel should include free wifi.
can you book acorn guest house for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?
thank you. that was all i needed.
i need a train going to cambridge and arriving by 12:45.
i will need to leave from ely.
i would appreciate that. is there only one option that arrives by the time i need?
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
no, the west part of town
what is the address?
i don't have a preference as long as it's moderately priced and in the west part of town.
could you give me some information on a hotel named el shaddai?
i would like to make a booking for wednesday.
the booking is for just one ferret for 5 nights.
no, that was a typo. 1 person for 5 nights starting on wednesday.
try 3 nights, please.
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at 04.30 get me the contact number and car type please.
the hotel please from the swimming pool
no. i would like to leave el shaddai at 04:30 to go to the swimming pool
terrific. thanks for all your help. goodbye!
where can i find malaysian food? i prefer an expensive restaurant please
how about an expensive malaysian restraint in the south? is there anything available?
yes, please. how about indian food?
perfect, yes. i want a table for 5 at 16:00 on monday.
thank you. that was all i needed today. goodbye.
i'm looking for a restaurant called restaurant two two?
yeah i need a reservation for wednesday
i'd like to eat at 14:45. it will be three people.
hi, i'll be traveling to cambridge and am excited to find some places to go. can you help me?
im looking for a museum in the centre. may i also have the postcode and phone number for them as well?
i also need to book a guesthouse in the north.
any range is fine but it needs to include free wifi and parking.
i do not. can you recommend one?
sure. i'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning saturday. can i have the reference number for that booking?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i need picked up at the hotel by 9:15 please.
no, that is wonderful. have a nice day and thank you. bye.
thank you and goodbye,
could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap?
is that a guesthouse? i really want a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
the area doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star guesthouse.
sounds great, what is the address to that guesthouse?
great! that's all i need today. thank you.
can you help me find a cheap chinese place in the north?
certainly. i'd like to know what sorts of attractions are available on the north side of town.
yes, please. could you give me the name of the park and its postcode?
okay and how about a guesthous in the moderate price range. i'd like free parking and free wifi.
that sounds good. i'll need reservations for 7 people for 5 nights, starting from sunday, please.
you were able to get me 5 nights? can you double check that please?
thank you so much for your help. you have been great!
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre.
it doesn't matter. i'm particularly interested in jamaican food.
then how about somewhere serving modern european food?
yes please. give me the address of the best one of them.
thank you goodbye.
hi i need to find a place to dine serving vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
thank you!
can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on saturday?
thanks so much!
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge on saturday
i would like to leave after 21:30.
i will be departing from broxbourne.
yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.
yes, i am looking to book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast.
yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.
let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine
thanks can i get a reference number please?
that will be all, thanks again.
can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?
no preference really. whatever you recommend
cool i would need the address, postcode, and phone number.
okay, great. i'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. i'd like it to be multiple sports.
that sounds perfect! do you know the entrance fee?
i need to book a taxi to commute between the 2 places. i want to leave the restaurant by 14:30.
i'll be headed to the cherry hinton, of course.
thank you! that's all i need for now.
thanks so much you have been a huge help.
where is a good cheap singaporean place to eat?
is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve singaporean food?
yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving chinese food?
that'll be great. can i get the phone number, address, and postcode to that please?
i also am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating.
i am looking for a cheap place in the south.
ok, a guesthouse will be fine.
i don't wish to book. can i just get the postcode and phone number?
can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? i am wanting to leave the hotel by 16:45. also can i have the contact number and car type?
great thank you that's all that i needed today.
yes i am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.
i don't care where it is located. i would like an actual hotel room and i will need free parking too.
yes, i would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday. please make sure to include the reference number.
i am also interested in places to go in the east area. can you help with that?
yes i am looking for a park. i'd also like to know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number please.
yes i also need a taxi to commute between the two.
16:45. please give me their car type and contact number.
i want to leave at 06:45. i can arrive however long it takes.
thank you so much, that is all i needed!
i need information about colleges in the centre part of town.
i have no preference but can i get a phone number to one of them?
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as corpus christi.
i am looking for asian oriental.
great. can you please make a reservation for 4? we'd like to arrive around 18:45 on wednesday.
thanks so much for all of your help!
that is all thank you
thank you, that is all i need.
i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
could you please give me their address and postcode?
thank you goodbye.
yes, i am in the planning stages and could use some help finding some places to go in town.
i need to see a theater in the center. find me the phone number
i am also needing a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.
what is the price range?
yes please, 4 people for 3 nights starting from friday. i will need the reference number.
thank you so much! that's all i need for the moment.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.
i would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.
yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from tuesday.
i am also looking for some places to go in the north. any recommendations?
that sounds good. can you give me the phone number and address for there?
please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 13:00 and take me to the boat attraction. send me car type and contact number.
thank you for the assistance. i believe we are finished.
i would like to find a train that leaves on friday and arrives by 19:30.
i need to go from broxbourne to cambridge by 19:30.
can you give me the price and travel time on that?
i also need a suggestion for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
can you give me the reference number for the train? i would like cheap italian food in the center.
don't worry about booking the train. i just need a reservation for zizzi cambridge for 8 people at 10:45.
no, i'm good, thanks.
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called aylesbray lodge guest house.
no, i can do that. i am looking for places to go in town, a park.
in the east preferably.
can you tell me the postcode?
can you also confirm the area that is in please?
thank you so much!
thank you that will be all i need.
hello, i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town.
what is the address and postcode?
thank you, goodbye.
i need a train departing from cambridge going to leicester.
i'll be going on wednesday, after 13:15.
that's perfect. i need 5 tickets
thank you. i also need information on a hotel called warkworth house.
i just want information the the warkworth house, especially the address, please.
okay, thanks that's all i need.
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food.
how about british food?
i don't care. give me their phone number.
yes, please.
nope! thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a train that departs cambridge on saturday. any ideas?
i would like to leave after 16:30 and would like to go to kings lynn.
i'm interested in the earliest one. what is the train id?
alright, are there any 1 star hotels that offer free parking?
does any of them have free wifi?
are there any with 4 stars?
any place is fine, i go with whatever you recommend.
yes please and i'll also need the postcode.
i need the postcode, hotel type, and price range for the cambridge belfry.
forget about booking it, just please tell me what type of hotel it is.
that was all i needed. thank you.
i am looking for a place to stay.
i'd like a moderately priced guesthouse.
somewhere in the south would be ideal.
not sure yet. does either have free parking? i also need free wifi.
the star rating is not important. either of those will do. can i just get the name of one and the address please?
no thanks, can you help me find a nightclub to go to?
no, can you recommend your favorite one?
okay that's perfect thanks so much.
i also need a taxi. ill need to leave club salsa by 15:45 and go to bridge guest house.
thank you. i'll need the contact number and car type, please?
thanks for all your help. you've been great. have a nice day. goodbye.
i'm looking for an attraction called cambridge book and print gallery.
can i have the phone number please?
yes, i need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre area.
british cuisine would be great.
no thank you but i do need to get their phone number please.
that was all i needed today, thank you.
i'm looking for places to go in town. the attractions should be in the centre.
book me for a college and entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode
i also am looking for a hotel in cambridge.
i would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range that has free parking & wifi.
that sounds nice, i need to arrive on sunday, i will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 4 nights.
thank you! will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at 01:45?
thank you that was all i needed.
yes, that is all. goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
thai food, in the centre of town.
yes, please book the table.
there are 2 of us. i need the reservation for 14:30 on wednesday.
yes i am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a hotel and includes free parking.
what is the post code for the gonville hotel?
i also need a taxi to get me there and back.
i want to go from the hotel to the restaurant and need to arrive in time for my reservation. can you book that and then give me the relevant info?
my visit is all set. thanks for all your help. goodbye for now.
i want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.
are either of those located in the west and include free parking?
could you book that for me? i'll need it friday for 2 nights.
try just 1 night, then.
i am also looking for a place to go in the same area.
i think that's good, give me the address and postcode.
alright then, i'm going to need a taxi to get the two places. can you hook me up with one?
i would like to leave girton college by 06:00 and arrive at the huntingdon marriott hotel.
hi! can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?
yes, the hotel should include free wifi.
no thank you that's all the information i need today.
actually, i'm not quite done. would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? we'll be arriving on friday.
okay, how about a booking for 1 night?
thank you very much. that is all i need!
i'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
i want something expensive.
let's book peking for 1 person on friday at 15:15.
thanks so much for your help.
can you help me find a place to eat in the expensive price range in the south part of town?
yes! can you book for 2 people at 14:15 on this sunday?
great that will be all we need.
actually yes i will be needing somewhere to stay too please. a 3 star hotel in the same area and price range as my restaurant.
yes please, two people for two nights on sunday.
do you have a reference number?
this time that is everything, thank you for your help.
i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food.
north american, please. give me their price range and their address and phone number, please.
thank you, goodbye
i am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.
european sounds good!
not right now. can you give me their address and postcode?
no thank you. are there any parks in town?
okay, thank you. what is the entrance fee?
i also need a taxi to pick me up from milton country park by 20:30.
my destination is city stop restaurant.
wonderful. thanks for help.
i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
it should have a star of 3 and include free parking.
i'm looking for a hotel in the west with a moderate price range.
it doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free parking. please suggest one for me.
yes, i'd like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting thursday and i would like a reference number.
yes. please look for any hotels in the same price range
yes, that would be fine. the hobsons house sounds good.
thank you so much for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
do you have south indian food? that sounds really good.
can you try british food instead?
okay, can you book a reservation at the oak bistro please? i need it to be for 4 people on thursday at 15:15.
i also need a place to go in the centre.
are there any boating attractions in the centre of town?
which ever one you recommend will work. i need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.
thank you. i have all i need. goodnight.
i need transportation, specifically a train from birmingham new street. i need one that gets to my destination by 17:00
monday would be perfect
no, thanks. no need to book today, but can i get the price of the ticket?
yes, i've heard great things about the cambridge chop house. can you tell me about it?
will you book a table for 3 on monday at 20:30 for me? i'll also need the reference number. thanks!
thanks so much. that's all. goodbye
i need a room.
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
no specifics on area.
could i book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting friday?
thank you. yes, i need a train leaving cambridge to go to stevenage.
i'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:15 and arrive at stevenage.
that sounds good. that was all i needed. thank you.
yes, please i need the train i.d also
booking is not necessary, i just need the train id
thats it, just the train i.d
nah, that's pretty much it. thanks.
i'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range
i need it to be a 3 star as well.
thank you. can you book the lensfield for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on wednesday?
you have it booked then?
also looking for information on saint johns college.
thank you very much!
i also need to book at a taxi to commute between the two places.
it should be there by 11:45.
no that's all i needed. thank you for your help. have a great day.
i'm looking for a hotel named worth house
is that a hotel or guesthouse? and, do they have free internet?
no just need the address and do they have free internet? i am also looking for a nice place to eat called the de luca cucina and bar
thank you, i want to book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.
thanks. what was the address for worth house?
i'd also like the hotel type and internet status, please.
yes that works. i also need a taxi to get between the guest house and restaurant.
that is all thanks for your time.
i am looking for a moderately priced 3 star hotel to stay in in cambridge.
yes, i would like a hotel in the moderate price range with 3 stars.
i would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 3 star hotels. i would like to stay in the moderate price range if possible.
i would like to stay in the south area if possible.
no thanks. not today. but i could use some help finding a train from leicester to cambridge.
it needs to leave after 17:45, thanks for checking.
pick one for me and give me the price and arrival time if you don't mind.
just to check, does tr9629 leave on friday? that's the day i would like to travel.
nope, that was everything, thank you very much!
hi, i am traveling to cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions. i really need help with a restaurant though.
yes, i in am interested in an expensive restaurant. thanks!
are there any restaurants serving south african cuisine?
how about something serving british food?
in the west area.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
just one person, no specific day and time. i'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.
how about tuesday at 7:30?
yes i need an attraction in the same area.
can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number?
yes, can i please get the phone number?
thank you. i am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
i would like to commute between graffiti and whale of a time. i will be heading to the attraction after eating.
i want to leave the attraction by 7:15.
i'm looking for someplace to get british cuisine in the center of town.
oh, i really need something cheap.
could you try an italian place please?
yes, that would be great! could you please book a table for 5 people at 16:45 on saturday?
thank you. i also need a train from stansted airport to cambridge that will arrive by 11:30.
saturday. i would like to arrive by 11:30.
yes please make a reservation for 5 people and give the phone number
that is all i need, thank you for your help.
i want a train leaving from norwich.
i would like to leave after 14:30 and go to cambridge, please.
i'm planning to leave on thursday.
as long as you mean a 15:16 departure, i'll take 8 tickets, please.
i'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. preferably a 3 star one.
i don't have a preference for either, but i'd like it to be in the type of hotel. i'll also need free parking.
the gonville would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?
no thank you for everything.
i want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.
any area is fine i just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.
yes i need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from monday.
can i cancel the reservation with you?
i also need a train. leaving from cambridge.
i would like to leave on wednesday and i'm going to birmingham new street.
i'll need to arrive by 09:30.
what time does the one that leaves at 06:01 arrive in birmingham new street?
that sounds perfect. i need that for 3 people.
thank you that is all i need.
hi. this might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves swedish food? i don't care about price.
how about asian oriental type of food?
no thank you. i just need the address and postcode, please.
no, thank you, goodbye.
i need to find a place to visit while in town. what attractions are in centre?
i'd like to see a college, please.
sounds good. can i get the address with the postcode for that one, please?
is it free? i also am looking for a mediterranean restaurant in the same area.
i'm looking for something cheap, i'm on a budget.
no i will take care of that. please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant
i also need to book a taxi from the college to the restaurant.
i want to leave at least by 14:45 if that is okay.
thanks. can i get the taxi company's contact phone number please?
that's all i needed. thank you.
hi, i am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the east.
maybe. does it have 4 stars?
does it have internet?
okay, thanks. i'm also looking for a place to eat that serves australasian food. can you help me with that?
how about a chinese restaurant?
can i get the address and number to yu garden?
thank you. i also need a taxi to get between the two places.
i would like to leave at 5:45.
no, that is it. thank you so much.
hello! this is my first time to cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the centre?
actually, i'm in the mood for cantonese food. are there any like that?
ok. how about an expensive japanese restaurant? i'd like to treat myself!
sure. book it for 4 people at 11:45 on a saturday.
what other local attractions are there to explore?
no i would prefer a museum.
what is the post code, address, and entree fee?
that sounds good. i also need to book a taxi to go from the vue to the restaurant by my booked time.
great, thanks for all of your help! you have been wonderful!
i would like to find a taxi to the centre of cambridge to an american modern restaurant. what would you recommend?
i would like to book a train from peterborough to cambridge on tuesday leaving after 14:00.
i think i asked for that wrong...i'm sorry. i'd like to go to peterborough from cambridge on tuesday after 14:00.
yes, i need it for two people and i need the reference number. i also need a guesthouse that includes free wifi.
in the north, please. i'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 0 star.
yes please. can you book it for 2 people? we'd like to arrive thursday and stay for 5 nights please.
yes 4 nights will work, can you book that and give me the reference number?
no that is all. thank you so much!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. it doesn't need to include internet.
do any of the hotels have 3-star ratings?
that's in the centre?
that sounds great. i would like to book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday. and if i can have the reference number once booked.
i am visiting cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.
the hotel should be in the north
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.
i'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.
i need it for 2 people.
great. i also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. preferably an architecture attraction that i can visit nearby.
how about a swimmingpool?
may i have the phone number and postcode ?
yes, i am going to need a ride there. can you help me reserve a taxi?
it does thank you have a good day.
not today, thank you!
hello, i'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. it doesn't need to have free parking.
yes, the hotel need to have free wifi.
no, i just need one of them that is cheap with wifi.
yea that sounds good. can i book for 5 people and 4 nights starting friday
can we try for 2 nights?
i am looking for a place to go in the city centre.
i am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.
i would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the east part of town.
is that a 4-star place? i would like a 4-star place, even though i need it to be cheap.
yes, can i get the postcode, and also i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at kings lynn as well.
the train should leave monday after 17:45.
yes, go ahead and book 4 tickets for me on that train! once that is done, can i have the reference number?
nope that is all thanks
yes, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. can you tell me what you have?
does this restaurant serve fusion food?
that's disappointing. can you tell me about the chinese restaurant?
great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on saturday?
yes, that would be fine, thanks.
thank you for you help. that is all i need.
i am looking for information on a restaurant called saigon city?
i would like to book a table for 15:00 on tuesday for 8 people.
great, thank you. i'm also looking for a museum in town, do you have any recommendations?
would you recommend one near the restaurant for us?
yes, i'd love to have their phone number, postcode, and area please
that is all i need today, thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 21:45. can you help me with a reservation?
i am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge.
i do not have a specific arrival time.
i will be traveling on saturday.
yes for five please.
thanks! i also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
it doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. i will take a suggestion as i'm not familiar with the area.
yes i would like to book it for 5 people.
i actually don't need to book. i would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range.
no that's everything i needed. thank you!
please suggest to me a 4 star motel in cambridge that offer free wifi.
no, but i would like it to be cheap.
ok, i would like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.
i want a hotel but i don't have an area preference.
sounds great! can you book a room for 7 people for 5 nights? we'll be arriving on thursday.
yes, i will book that for you now.
thanks! i'd also like to book a table at ian hong house. it will need to be on the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 13:30.
thank you so much for your help
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
i would like a restaurant that serves european food in the expensive price range please.
great, can i have the phone number and address for erania please?
yes, i'm also looking for an attraction called ruskin gallery. can you get me some info on that?
no address needed, thank you. i have all the information i need.
i also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, i want to leave the restaurant by 13:15
thank you very much, that will be all you can do for me for today.
hello, can you give me information about express by holiday inn cambridge, please?
price is of no concern since i just won the lottery. please book a room starting on monday for 2 people for 3 nights. thanks!
yes i would like the reference number, thank you.
yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. i prefer the east. it's time to live life to the fullest!
can you recommend one and give me their post code.
could i have the postcode please
i am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at 05:15
i am sorry. yes please book from the funky house to the hotel.
thank you for helping me.
actually that's all, thank you.
i'm looking for a place to stay in west cambridge.
i'm looking for a two star hotel with free wifi. is there anything like that in the west?
maybe i could stay in the north. can you please look there for a 2 star hotel that includes free wifi?
yes i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday
that sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for thursday for 8 people.
have you heard of cote? its a restaurant in town
no. i just want the address for today
thanks a lot, that's all for now.
no, thank you. you've been very helpful.
does cambridge have an establishment called the shanghai family restaurant?
yes, please! i need a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 on sunday.
yes. i would like a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
yes, i am looking for a four star hotel in the expensive range.
yes, please! same group of people as the restaurant, same day. we'll want to stay for 4 nights.
no, i believe we are all set. thank you!
i am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town.
yes, please look for portuguese food. can i get the phone number and address?
thank you, goodbye.
how much for a room in a hotel in the city center?
i was thinking about going to byard art, can you tell me the address and what the entrance fee is?
thanks! i also need a place to dine in the south.
creative food, if possible.
sure, let's try for chinese then instead. i want somewhere expensive.
i really want chinese.
okay, great. can you book that for me then? it'll be on saturday at 17:45.
great, thanks for all your help!
i'm looking to visit the lynne strover gallery.
that sounds fantastic! thank you!
yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the moderate price range located in the centre town?
do they serve christmas food?
not in british food. are there any that serve italian food?
could you just give me the number for pizza express.
that is all. thanks for your help.
i am traveling to cambridge soon. i can't wait to try some local restaurants. can you help me with a place to stay?
i need it to have 4 stars and parking too.
i don't have a price range, just whatever will get me a good hotel in the east area.
do they have free internet and can you provide the postcode?
are there any inexpensive indian restaurants near allenbell?
is it a cheap restaurant?
yeah area doesn't matter. just choose one cheap indian restaurant in cambridge please then provide me with the area, address, and postcode for it.
please tell me the area too
that'll be it for today. thank you very much.
can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
free parking and moderate pricing
yes, can you check the north please?
no preference. i need someplace that can accommodate a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning wednesday.
yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 5 nights? i want to get there on wednesday.
can you locate a shopping mall near the hotel?
could you recommend a good place for shopping?
ok. i need a train after 14:00 on wednesday. it needs to leave from london liverpool street and get to cambridge. i need the train id please.
great that was all the info i needed today, thanks!
i'm looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. what do you know about it?
i would like to book a table there for 1 person on sunday at 19:00. and could i please have the reference number?
i also need a training leaving on the same day i booked the restaurant for.
i am traveling from peterborough to cambridge. need to be there by 15:15.
i would like to arrive by 15:15, so if you could find the train closest to that arrival please.
yes please get me 1 ticket and then tell me the reference number
no, that is all i need today. thanks!
hi, i'm looking for the bridge guest house. can you give the information about it please?
yes. i would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on monday.
i am also looking for a place to eat. it should serve bistro food and be expensive.
yes please, could you look for a chinese retaurant in the expensive range?
it does not matter. pick and book me at one on monday, for four people at 13:00.
i also need a taxi between the two places.
the hotel please in a taxi
that's all! thank you!
can you find me a place to eat? i want something cheap and spanish.
is this in the centre? i'd like something in the centre, if possible.
yes. book it for 6 people at 18:15 on monday. can i also get the reference number too?
yes, i am also looking for a place to stay. i would like a 4 star hotel in the west part of town, please.
i am looking for a moderate price range and i will need free wifi as well.
ok, how about a cheap one instead?
yes! please book me for a 4 night stay, starting monday, for 6 people. please send reference number as well.
i also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 18:15, please.
sounds great. please make a booking.
not today - thank you so much for all your help! i'm excited to see cambridge.
is there a train i can take from cambridge that leaves after 18:15?
i would like to leave on sunday and go leicester.
no need for a booking, right now. could you tell me the arrival time?
i also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.
no, but i do need free parking and wifi. also, are there any 0-star places? i'm feeling adventurous.
please give me the correct area of town.
could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting wednesday?
great, thanks so much, that's all i need! have a great day!
need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.
it really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the east part of town. i need the postcode & phone number when you find one please.
that sounds fine i need their postcode and phone number.
ok. thank you for the information.
i'm also looking for a train on thursday, to depart from cambridge and arrive at broxbourne by 18:15.
that sounds fine. i need tickets for 8, please.
thank you very much!
i believe so. thank you for your help.
i am searching for a lebanese restaurant in the east part of town.
how about chinese food? i would like to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the restaurant.
is that in the east part of town?
thank you good bye.
that's all i need to know, then. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant, it's called anatolia
yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on monday.
hi, i'm looking for restaurants in the area. could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.
is that a gastropub restaurant?
yes, please. for 6 people at 17:15 on tuesday.
thanks you very much that's all i need.
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking, my price range is on the expensive end.
yes, i'm thinking i'd like it to be in the north. does that help?
what about any in the cheap range?
yes, can you please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from thursday?
thank you that is all i need, goodbye
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range
i'm not too particular about which particular area i say in, but i do need free parking.
no, i just need the address, please.
that's all i need, thank you!!
thanks, that's all. good bye.
hi, i'm looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town. do you have anything in that category?
moderate, please, and make sure they have free parking.
do they have free parking? and do you know if they have a star rating?
not right now. i'd just like their phone number, please.
great. thanks for all your help. bye!
can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
indian would be good as long as it's in the center. i need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a sunday.
yes, that would be fine.
yes can you try sunday at 17:30 please
do you have anything available for sunday?
how about 17:15?
great. that'll be everything. thank you!
hello. i would like to visit an attraction called byard art. can you help me get some information?
yes, the address and postcode, please.
thanks so much. can you help me with a place to stay?
the hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. the hotel should be in the cheap price range
don't care as long as it has free wifi and parking
is that an actual hotel? i don't like guesthouses.
no, just the postcode will be fine.
yes, i need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, i'll need to leave by 19:30
i will be leaving from byard art by 19:30
thanks for the help with the museum, hotel and taxi. i don't need anything else. goodbye.
hello i am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve chinese food
hakka sounds good, i'm looking for something expensive. what else can you tell me about them?
yes, please! there will be 5 of us on wednesday at 17:00.
thanks so much. i also need train tickets for wednesday as well, i will be going to cambridge.
from leicester please. i need to arrive in cambridge by 10:30.
yes please. i will also need the reference number and price.
nevermind, just remembered i may have to do something else that day. could you just give me the price for a ticket? that way i'll know and can get my own.
nope, that's all i needed, thanks for your help!
hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?
yes. the hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.
as long as it is a hotel, i would like to book it.
i would like it starting thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
i don't care.
what is the phone number?
i'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.
i am really looking for something that offers japanese food.
yes. book for 3 people on monday at 17:30.
no, that's all i needed. thank you for the help!
i'm looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food.
sounds great! can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on sunday?
16:15, please, thank you.
no that is all. thank you for the help.
any trains departing cambridge?
i'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. i need to be there by 20:45.
yes, that would be great. can you book me on that train for 5 people?
i'm also looking for a place to stay?
expensive. i love luxury. but i do expect free parking.
no i do not do you have a reccomendation?
does the university arms hotel have 5 stars? i would prefer a place with 5 stars.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?
thanks so much. that is all i need today.
hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the north side of town please
i'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.
any price range is fine.
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
yes, i would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.
yes, i would like bistro food please.
oh darn it. how about one that offers european food?
eraina sounds great. could you please make a reservation for 4 people on sunday at 17:15?
i also want to book a taxi
i need to go to the north.
i want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the eraina restaurant in time for my 17:15 reservation.
no. thank you. goodbye
can you tell me more about gourmet burger kitchen? where is it?
yes please, a table for 6 people at 13:15 on tuesday would be amazing.
what can you tell me about attractions in the south part of town?
no, not really. what are entrance fees on the 8 attractions?
how about the postcode and attraction type for byard art?
i need a taxi from byard art that will get us to the restaurant on time.
no, that's all i need for now. you've been very helpful. thanks.
thanks, i'm all done here.
i'm looking for a nice italian restaurant. nothing too expensive...like mid range?
i don't care about the area. could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on sunday?
nope, i think that will do it. thank you so much!
i'm looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking.
do you have any that would be moderately priced?
no, i need it to be moderately priced. is there a hotel with free parking in the north?
great! id's like information on one of the hotels please.
do they have free wifi?
that will help, thank you.
no, that's all the info i needed. thanks so much for your help.
hi. i'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?
i do not care.
that would be great, can i also have the postcode and address for wagamama?
no, thank you, but i would like to know if there is a museum in town. i need the postcode for the museum.
nope. that's all today. thank you.
i need a train going to cambridge on thursday .
i will be departing from broxbourne on thursday.
i just need to arrive at or a little before 13:00, please.
yes. i also am looking for a hotel called worth house.
no, can you give me the travel time, departure time, and train id for the train you mentioned?
thanks! i'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 3 nights starting thursday.
no thank you that will be all
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. i also need the address and type of food they serve.
what type of food?
thank you, goodbye.
that will be all, thank you!
i would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food
is there a cheap european restraunt?
of course
no, and thank you for your help. goodbye.
hi, can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse?
alexander's b&b sounds perfect! can i book a room there?
yes, please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting monday. thank you!
how about 3 nights?
no, that will be all. thank you.
i need a train leaving after 14:30 on wednesday.
hi, i'm looking for a train to kings lynn from cambridge.
yes, please make the booking for me.
actually i need a booking for 2 people total not just me.
yes i need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves indian food.
can i have the postcode for that restaurant to please?
thank you! so much. that's all i needed help with.
that's all i needed today, have a good day.
i'm looking for something to do in the centre.
i would like to try local restaurants.
actually the restaurant i have in mind is shanghai family restaurant.
yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at 15:00.
can you help me book a taxi to the restaurant?
i need to arrive in time for my reservation.
i will be arriving from cambridge train station.
i need the contact number and car type.
yes that's all i needed.
hi, i am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay. can you recommend something for me?
i'm not too concerned about price. is the acorn guest house in the north section of cambridge?
yes, i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
yes please. i will need that.
yes, i am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.
how about a type of college? could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?
thank you! i also need a taxi please.
i need to leave the attraction by 21:00 please.
thanks so much. you took care of everything i needed. thanks. goodbye.
i will be in cambridge and need a place to go for entertainment in the centre of town. can you help me find something?
are there any museums in the centre of the city?
thank you, could i get the address and entrance fee for the one you'd recommend?
i need a place to stay, a hotel in the cheap price range.
is it in the same area as the museum?
i need something is the center area of town.
no thanks. i meant that i need a hotel in the centre. preferably 4 stars.
that's ok, i'll take the address if you have it.
nope, thats all i needed for today. thanks!
can you help me find a train leaving peterborough that arrives by 11:45?
i need to go to cambridge on monday.
yes, that is great. just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?
i also need a hotel
i'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.
i would love if it were a 2 star place. and a hotel if i can.
perfect, i need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from monday. if that fails try thursday and i will need the reference number please.
that is all for today. thank you.
hi. i'm looking for a relatively expensive international restaurant to dine at this evening. is there one that you would recommend?
are there any expensive international food places in the west area?
how about one that serves indian food instead?
could i get address and postcode
what do you mean? you're the one who recommended it.
well. i also need the hotel called bridge guest house.
i would like to know if you can book me a room for 5 nights starting friday. i also need the reservation #
i need the bridge guest house for 3 people. i forgot to include that.
thank you. that is all that i need.
i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food in the expensive price range.
how about any restaurant in the centre?
i think i'd like to try indian food, are there any of those in the center of town?
any of them would be fine.
yes please, for 3 people t 15:30 on friday. thank you.
that's awesome. thanks that's all i need!
are there any available rooms in the autumn house?
maybe. what is the star rating and price range on that hotel?
i am also looking for cambridge contemporary art.
can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?
awesome. can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.
that's all i need. thank you so much for the help!
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in. i prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.
i'd like a place with 3 stars.
what area is it in?
i want the one in the south
yes can you please. thank you
wednesday for 4 people, just one night.
i also need a train going to leincester from cambridge. i want to leave on monday and arrive at 13:00.
4 people please.
hi, i'm looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by 18:30
from cambridge to stansted airport.
no thank you that will be all
actually i do need the train id and travel time please.
can you also get me the postcode for nandos restaurant?
thank you i will think about it.
no that is it. thank you.
i need to take a train to here. i want to arrive by monday at 17:15.
i'll be going from cambridge to norwich.
no that sounds good,please book it for me
i'm sorry i changed my mind. i just need the price per ticket please.
i also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves european food.
yes. please reserve for 5 people on monday at 14:00.
great. i can't wait. thanks! goodbye!
i'm trying to find a restaurant called the slug and lettuce. do you know where that is?
i'd like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on saturday.
could i get a reference number please?
i am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.
it should be on the north side of town and cheap.
i would prefer in the cheap range.
why don't we go with the worth house.
can you book a room for friday for 5 people, 4 nights please?
great. can you also book a taxi for me to commute between these places?
what about an attraction in the same area as the hotel?
not really. i will pick one that interests me. could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at 09:30?
great! i can't think of anything else i need thank you for your help.
you were very helpful.
i am looking for a train leaving sunday that's going to london liverpool street.
need to arrive by 8:15,not sure when we depart ?
yes can you get me 7 tickets and i'll need the reference number too please
i am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the north.
i would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a guesthouse.
what star rating does the hotel have and what is the address?
no, not at this time. thank you. goodbye.
i am looking on information regarding train tickets. can you help?
i will be departing from cambridge and my destination is the stansted airport.
i would like to leave cambridge on monday after 13:15
no thank you. i will just need the train id and travel time of the first one leaving after 13:15 going to the airport.
i also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the south with a star of 3.
i do not need to book the hotel yet. can you please give me the phone number and hotel type? also, do they have internet?
no, i seem to have all the information i need today.
hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the north?
any of them a type of guesthouse?
no i don't need those things, could you give me the address of one that you recommend?
thanks for that information. that's all i need for now. have a great day!
can you help me find a college to visit?
location is not important for me
pick for me and i would need the area and postcode
actually, yes. i am really in the mood for good indian food. could you help me find somewhere new to try?
i would like a moderately priced one on the east side.
what their postcode?
yes, could i also have their phone number please?
no reservation please, i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i need to leave clare hall by 24:45 going to curry prince. i also need the contact number and car type please.
no thanks , that is all for today
i am looking for somewhere to stay in the east.
yes, i would like it to be cheap and a type of guesthouse.
which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this monday?
that is all. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant called galleria.
yes! i'd like a reservation for this sunday at 16:45 for three people.
would it be possible to book the same restaurant at 15:45?
yes. i would also like to take a train on sunday arriving by 09:45. can you help me with that?
departure is peterborough and arrival is cambridge.
please give me travel time and the price, please.
thank you very much for all of your help.
i'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.
yes, i don't want to leave for cambridge until 15:00 at the earliest.
yes, for 6 people.
thank you. i also need a hotel in the south.
no price range but i do want a 4 start.
that sounds great. i'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on thursday.
no, that takes care of everything i need. thanks!
i don't need a taxi, thanks for asking
goodbye, and thanks again.
i need a moderate priced restaurant please.
i would like an italian restaurant in the south.
yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on wednesday?
that's disappointing. is there anything else moderately priced in that area?
sure, as long as it's in the south. can you give me the reference number once booked?
no, that will take care of it. thank you very much for your help!
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food
i am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.
that would be great. please make it for monday.
8 people at 11:45. i need the reference number please. also, i need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.
i'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well.
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel
yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting monday, provide reference number. also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 11:45. i will need contact number and car type.
thank you for your help, that is all i need for today. goodbye
hi, i need a place to stay in the north please.
i'd like a moderately priced place that offers free parking and wifi.
i'd prefer a hotel.
i'd be interested in the ashley hotel. i would like places to go around the area that are multiple sports attractions.
how about you look for a type of boat.
yes, please give me the phone number. that sounds great!
thank you. that's all.
hello. i'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves moroccan food. can you help me?
how about vietnamese food?
could i have the phone number please?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, i am planning a trip to cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.
i will be departing from ely.
leaving on monday after 9:15. i would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.
that sounds great! i need to book that for three people.
could you also look up the hotel called hobsons house?
i would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.
awesome, thanks a lot! have a great day!
hey thanks for helping, it really means a lot to me.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
price doesn't really matter, but the centre of town might be better.
can you provide the address please?
what was their price range again, please?
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre
nothing in particular. what do you recommend?
i also want to book a taxi
that's it for today. thank you for your help!
really would like to find a place that serves indian food in the north
how about the cheap one?
no i would like the postcode and address
i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge
i'll be leaving stevenage. i'd like to arrive by 19:45, if possible?
would be traveling on sunday.
i would like the first train.
that would be great. ill need 6 tickets
great, thank you! that's all that i need. have a great day!
can you help me find information about a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?
yes, the area of the city and the address.
thanks. i also need a train departing from cambridge on thursday.
i would like to go to stevenage and leave after 11:00.
please do. i need 8 tickets
thank you for all of your help
that was all that i needed today thanks
hi, can you help me with my trip planning? i am looking for places to go in town.
how about a museum?
yes, thanks. can you give me the postcode and phone number?
yeah i also need a place to stay.
i would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.
no thank you. i would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.
what can you tell me about the el shaddai?
i need to book 8 people for 4 nights starting on friday.
yes, could you help me find a steakhouse that is cheap.
yes can you find me a restaurant that serves italian food?
i want the restaurant to be in the north
yes, i want to book the restaurant please. for 8 people at 11:45
friday the same day please
no that will be all. thanks!
i'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge
that does not matter but i would like it in the cheap price range.
that sounds perfect. that's all i needed for today, thanks.
i would like to find a pool as well.
let's put the pool on hold. i forgot to ask you to book the alexander for me. it is just me for two nights beginning saturday.
there is only me.
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 21:00 and take me to the hotel. i'll need car and contact info too.
yes, i'd like in to be in the centre of town
i would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.
i'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the moderate price range.
i really like british cuisine that is in the center of town.
yes. are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 20:00 on saturday?
i also need a place to stay
i'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
i'm looking for a place in the moderate price range and i need free parking.
do they have free wifi? and i need their phone #
what area are they located in?
no i'll take care of that later. but can you arrange a taxi for me? going from the hotel to the oak bistro.
i just need to get to the restaurant for my dinner reservation on saturday.
ok, i think that's it. thanks for your help.
i'd like information about a restaurant in south that serves english food.
how about chinese food?
cheap price range
yes, i would like to know the address please
thank you, goodbye.
i will be visiting cambridge soon and need a place to stay. i am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.
what are my options on the west side of town?
ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? i need 5 nights.
no that will be all. thank you
yes thank you. i'd like to stay in cambridge. we're looking for a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
do you have one in the east with an expensive price range?
yes, please. for 6 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
i need information on a train as well. it should leave after 18:45.
coming to cambridge from broxbourne on friday.
yes, that would work for me.i will just need the price, train id and travel time.
okay thank you that's all i needed.
when visit i would like to visit king's college, do you have the times and the address?
i need the post code and the entrance fee.
thanks. i'm also looking for a place to dine at. can you help with that too?
i am looking for some south indian food that is expensive.
no, can you search for chinese food instead?
north and moderate price range
no, i don't need one right now. in fact, i'm all set. thanks for all your help!
hello! i need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?
in the east.
i don't need parking, but the i'd prefer to stay in a guesthouse.
yes, please. i'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on saturday.
thanks! i also need a train to stansted.
i would like to leave on monday after 8:30 to go to the stansted airport.
that sounds perfect, can you book my same group some tickets?
thank you very much, that will be all for today.
i am looking for information in cambridge
neither. i am looking for a train departing from leicester and going to cambridge that's leaving saturday after 08:30.
no thanks, i was needing the train id but you already gave that to me. thanks so much.
i'm looking for a place to stay. i'd prefer a guesthouse with four stars.
i'd like a moderately priced place please.
if you could recommend any one of them that would be great. i need the postcode, phone number and the area the hotel is in please.
area of town doesn't matter.
the same time.
yes, that's everything. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called the hotpot.
i want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and i don't care about the price range.
none of those really interest me do you have anything else?
okay, what is the address and phone number of shiraz please?
no, thank you
i am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.
please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from saturday.
that will do it. thank you for your assistance! have a good day!
actually, i also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45.
im traveling to cambridge from london liverpool street arriving by 11:45 the day of my hotel booking.
no, thank you. i don't need a ticket at this time.
that is all for now. thank you.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant to go to.
what's your favorite place on the south side of town?
that would be great. please make the reservation for 17:45 on monday. just 1 person.
that will be all. thank you so much.
can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? it doesn't need to include internet.
definitely the south part of town, thanks.
are there any hotels with free parking, or just guesthouses?
anything you recommend will work fine. can i have the phone number of the one you pick?
yes, please. i need a train from cambridge to london kings cross.
i would like to leave on thursday and arrive by 8:00.
yes thank you. i also need the travel time and the departure time please.
thank you. you have satisfied all of my requests.
could you help me locate the alpha milton guest house?
yes, i'd like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this saturday.
yes, can i get a different hotel in the same price range?
thank you. that's all i need.
can i have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
i do not care.
yes it will do. can i have the phone number please ?
thank you , good bye.
i am looking for something fun to do in the south part of town. do you have any suggestions on a great attraction?
sure, can i learn more about it?
thank you, are there any expensive restaurants in that same area?
the restaurant should serve turkish food.
how about chinese food? are there any available for that?
let's go with peking restaurant. can you book a table for 6 at 18:30 on monday, please?
could you try for satrday then?
i also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by 18:30
thanks so much for all of your help!
hello! i'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in cambridge. i'll need free parking.
yes i would like to stay in cambridge
i would like something in the north.
you pick. give me the postcode, internet availability, and address to the one that stands out to you.
thanks. my friends told me about a restaurant called golden house. do you know what area its in and food type?
nope, that's all, thank you.
are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that i can go to? thanks for any suggestions.
i would prefer asian food.
no, i'm not sure when i'm going yet. can i just get the phone number?
i also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.
i would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.
no, what attractions are available?
the park sounds good. can you give me the postcode? and is there an entrance fee?
lastly, i need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 10:30.
thank you. that is all i need.
can you find specific attractions for people?
i am looking for people's portraits exhibition.
can you give me the post code for it?
yes, i would also like to find a restaurant called golden house please.
yes, how about a table for 8 on saturday. try 19:30, if that doesn't work then try 18:30.
that is all, thank you.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves basque food, please.
no, that's okay. thanks for looking!
now hold on just a minute. i'm still hungry. how about a chinese restaurant instead?
moderate price range please.
no but i am looking for a train fro friday, leaving after 20:15.
the departure is from cambridge and the destination is london kings cross, what was the postcode, phone number and address of the golden wok?
yes, there will need to be a booking for 7 people for this train and i will need the reference number. also, i need info on that restaurant.
actually, i think i also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the golden wok please.
thank you. for your time.
no thank you, that is everything i need. i appreciate it very much.
i am looking for nightclub options in cambridge.
what is the area and how much is the entrance fee? i will need the address and the phone number.
great! i also need a place to stay in the moderate price range. any suggestions?
i was really hoping to find a hotel if you could?
a 2 star hotel is fine does it have free wifi?
yes, please. i'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting thursday.
yes, please! i need a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to leave the ballare by 22:45. can you get me the contact number and car type?
thank you very much for helping me! have a great day.
could you assist me in finding a train to stevenage please?
thursday, leave after 10:30.
ok, is there anything that leaves earlier than that?
book the 11:21 train for 7 people please.
okay now can you help me find the avalon hotel and tell me whether they have free internet, and where they are located as well as their address?
thank you for that info on avalon. i would like to make a reservation.
i want to reserve for seven people for three nights, please.
no that'll it for the day. thank you
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. i hate internet.
is that a 4-star place?
sorry, i was just kidding about the hating internet part. i do need a place that has free wifi.
any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on monday?
thank you so much for all your help.
i am looking for a particular attraction.
regency gallery, do you have their phone number?
ok, thank you so much, that is all that i need.
i'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town.
yes, i would like the 3 star one,please.
i am looking for a swimming pool in the area.
i'm looking for one on the east end.
what is the entrance fee, address and postcode for the abbey pool?
thanks. i need a place to eat too. any expensive indian places near the pool?
yes please try sitar tandoori
yes please, for 1 person at 17:30 on thursday.
yes, let's try 16:30 please.
thank you that is all i will need.
i am looking for a place to stay in the north.
yes, i need both wifi and free parking.
that sounds great. can you book it for 6 people starting tuesday for a total of 2 nights?
okay. may i have the reference number?
thank you for booking it.goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay in the centre in cambridge.
i would prefer a guesthouse, and it does not need to include internet.
no thank you, that's all i needed.
okay! goodbye!
i am also looking for an attraction, a swimming pool
can you check a swimming pool in the west of the city?
i'd prefer one in the same part of town as my hotel, are you sure there isn't one?
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers moderate pricing.
i have a taste for british.
yes i would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at 14:15 on sunday.
thanks i'm also looking for a train
i am going to cambridge from norwich
i want to get to cambridge at least by 11:30, no sooner and i just need the train id please
great! let's go ahead and book for three people.
thank you, that's all i need.
can you help me find a turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
that sounds perfect!
yes, please. 7 people at 13:15 on monday.
thank you for your help
i need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food.
i would like pizza hut cherry hinton. what is the postcode?
i don't need anything else at this time. thank you. goodbye.
hi, i am looking to visit the colleges in town, and need to know the names of some of them.
are there any in the centre?
the area actually doesn't really matter, i just need the address of one of your recommendations, please?
thank you! i am also looking for a hotel with 4 stars.
do they have internet and could i have the phone number please?
i need to book a taxi also. it should leave the hotel by 11:30
that's all i need right now. thanks for the help!
i want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food.
that's ok because it's for a special occasion. can you give me the phone number?
no thank you, goodbye
i need a train after 20:00 on tuesday, please.
of course. i'd like to leave from cambridge and head to london king's cross.
tr5941 is good. thank you for your help.
wait. i also need a place to stay.
i prefer something in the east. and i only like to stay at 4-star rated places.
i would like free parking.
something moderately priced would be best.
i do not have that information at the moment.
ok sorry i will call back when i have that information.
yes can i have the address and hotel type for one of hotels? i'd take whichever one that you recommend.
excellent. that's all i will need.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
what is the address?
thank you goodbye.
hey. i'm looking for a train from stansted airport.
i plan to go on tuesday.
my destination is cambridge.
the train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.
that sounds perfect. can i get the reference number from the booking?
i would like 4 tickets.
i also need you to book rosa's bed and breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on tuesday.
that is all, thanks a lot
i need to book a room at alexander bed and breakfast and also what restaurants are near there ?
could i please get the address, hotel type, and phone number first?
great ty so much. i was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves italian in the north?
is that restaurant in the cheap price range?
i need to book for 1 people at 13:45 on sunday. remember the reference number please
thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? thanks.
what places are in the south?
yes for one person for 4 nights starting friday please.
no, thank you, that will do.
i am looking for information about cineworld cinema.
could i get the phone number please?
yes i need to find a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and i don't need any parking.
i need a hotel located in the town centre.
yes. book it for monday. 5 nights and 6 people.
thanks that is all
hello i would like some sort of entertainment in town.
any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?
thank you for that information. i'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food please.
not now. is it in the centre?
can i have the postcode and address please?
thank you for the info that was all i needed.
what is the phone number for scudamores punting co?
could you tell me their address as well please?
thanks! i'm also looking for information on the a & b guesthouse. what can you tell me about that place?
may i have the postcode?
i also need a taxi to go between the two places.
i would like to leave the hotel by 7:00. also, can you give me the contact number and car type once you have booked it?
thank you so much for all of your help today. i am all set. bye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the center.
is it expensive? i would like an expensive restaurant.
sure. can you make a reservation for me? there will be 8 of us, at 12:30 on saturday.
no, that is it for today, thank you and goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
yes. i would like the location and the phone number, please.
thank you goodbye.
yes, i'm searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town. it does not need to have any internet connection.
do any of them include free parking?
price range does not matter.
north part of town.cheap would be better.
yes, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on thursday?
yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
no that will be all. thanks.
i'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?
i don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.
no, i'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include internet.
that sounds great. could i get the postal code, please?
i also need a train from cambridge.
i'm sorry, i mispoke, i need a train to cambridge. i need to leave ely after 08:30 on thursday.
perfect. i'll need a booking for 4 people.
that should be it, thanks!
hi i am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway.
can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on tuesday?
no thank you i will think of something else once i call a friend.
yes actually. i'd like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as the good luck chinese food takeaway.
great! thank you for your time. nothing else for now, goodbye.
hi, i'm looking for information about places to go in the centre of town.
what do you recommend? i will need the address and attraction type of what you recommend.
what type of attraction is that?
okay, great. i'll also need a place to stay. i'd like for it to have free parking and be expensive.
i'm not familiar with the areas of town, but i'd really like a 3 star guesthouse.
are there any hotels with 3 stars, free wifi, free parking, and expensive?
yes, that will be fine. i'll need it booked for wednesday. we will be staying 3 nights. it will be 7 people.
that is all. thanks so much!
hi, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre?
italian food , cheap and in the east part of town
actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs, what is available at a cheap price?
yes please. i need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday.
no, that will be all thanks. have a great day.
i am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to cambridge.
i'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.
i don't have a type preference.
yes, that sounds interesting. can you also please find the hotel avalon. please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.
i also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 08:30.
my destination is the dojo noodle bar.
great! that is all i needed. thanks.
i need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves modern european food.
i want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.
no i would like you to make the reservation for me please.
i guess that would be fine, i really want modern european food. could you make sure it is in the same area and price range.
i need a place to dine, does not matter what type, in the moderate price range.
thank you for your time. i appreciate it.
no that will be it. thank you.
i an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 0 star rating in the area of north that has free wifi, thank you.
yes please, for 6 people and five nights on monday.
i'm looking for a restaurant called saffron brasserie.
yes, please. i'd also like to know what area of town it's in and what type of food it serves.
no, but i do need some information about a taxi between the two places. i'd like to leave the hotel by 16:30.
ok, great. thanks for your help, you have covered everything i needed!
i'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after 16:15. any suggestions?
i'm leaving cambridge and headed to ely.
no, i just need the train id and arrival time.
i am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 4 stars.
it does not matter but i would like free parking.
price range is not important, just the four stars.
as long as it has free parking, that's all i really need. can you recommend one and tell me a little about it?
does it have free internet?
no, just the area and postcode please.
no, thanks. i'm not ready to book at this time.
nope. that's all. goodbye.
help me find a place to stay that has free parking and in moderate price range please.
i do not really care but would like it to have a 3 star rating.
no thanks. i will need the phone number please. also, do they have internet?
great. i also need a restaurant in the same price range. i'd like it to be a british place.
could i have the area and phone number
great. thanks. last thing, can you tell me what area of town that's in?
that's all. thanks!
thanks so much. goodbye
hello, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
yes, i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
i don't want golden wok, is there anything else?
okay. what is their phone number?
thank you. goodbye.
i am planning a trip in cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.
i have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.
excellent. can i book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday
yes, i need to find a train on tuesday from cambridge to london liverpool street.
hi, i can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions. can you help me with some places to go?
no, but i want it to be located in the south.
that sounds good. give me the phone and postcode please. i'm also looking for expensive european food. can you make some suggestions?
can you book a reservation for me?
alright how about a place to dine. i'd like an expensive european restaurant.
any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 13:00 at thursday?
can i get a taxi from the place to the eraina restaurant by 13:00?
may i please get the drivers contact number?
all set. thanks.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called restaurant one seven
yes, please give me the complete address.
thank you for your help!
i need a place to eat in the north area of the city.
i don't care.
in the moderate price range.
what is the phone number and address?
no thank you. goodbye.
i'm interested in 4 star hotels in the centre of town.
i would prefer a hotel in the moderate price range.
how about the cheap price range?
yes, i would like a reservation.
beginning on wednesday for three nights. i also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves chinese food.
what's the price range of that one?
that would work yes, can i have their phone number and postcode?
no but i still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. need contact number and car type for that as well.
just find me the phone number and postcode i'll book it myself
yes i need to book a taxi to travel between the two places.
no thank you. that is all i need.
i want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on thursday.
i am leaving from bishops stortford and heading into cambridge.
yes, i need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.
thank you. i am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the east.
can you find the a & b guesthouse?
yes i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
i dont want it. show me another one .
what is the address please?
thanks. could i get the phone number, too?
thank you, goodbye
i am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the west area of cambridge.
sounds fantastic! could you book me a table for 7 for monday at 16:00?
thanks. i am also looking for places to go in town. perhaps some boating?
no, i am open to any area. can you suggest a good place?
sure, could you send me their address and postcode?
great thanks. that is all.
is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
yes i would like the phone number of the nirala.
yes. i would like the address of the nirala please?
what is the postcode?
i think that's all i need, thank you for your help.
hello, are there any centrally located hotels in cambridge with free parking?
the hotel should be in the expensive price range.
let's go with the 4 star option. i'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from thursday.
please try to book a 1 night stay.
i also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve north american food.
yes please book the restaurant for me.
i changed my mind. i will go ahead and book it myself. but, can you please provide me the address and postcode. thanks.
could you book me a taxi please? i would like to leave the restuarant at 20:15 and go back to the hotel.
no, that's all i need. thank you for your help!
i'm looking for a train departing london kings cross going to cambridge.
i want the train to leave after 11:00 on thursday.
what is the travel time for that ride?
i also need a place to stay. i would like to find a 3 star holel that has free parking.
no, i am open to different areas. i would like something expensive though. oh, and make that with free parking and wifi.
the center one is good. could you provide me with the room type hotel or guesthouse) and the address, postcode as well.
thanks so much! have a great day. goodbye
please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 4 star rating. thanks!
i want an expensive place with free wifi.
where is it located?
thanks. i'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get polynesian food in the centre of town.
is there a oriental restaurant in the city centre that is in the expensive price range?
that's all i will need. thank you!
i am looking for a particular attraction called the funky fun house. can you get me directions?
what area of town is that in?
can you tell me what the entrance fee is? may i also have their postcode please?
great, thank you. can you also help me find a place to stay? i'd like an expensive hotel with free parking.
i would like a hotel in the expensive price range.
could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on sunday?
thank you! i'm all set. goodbye!
a moderate priced irish food restaurant.
yes, could you please check whether there is a gastropub?
i would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town.
can i have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town?
thank you goodbye.
i need information on places to go and see.
yes, i would like the type of college. i will need the address and postcode please.
yes could i have the address and postcode of the college please.
what is the postcode?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced guesthouse, one with a four star rating. if it doesn't have free parking, that's fine.
the area doesn't matter. i'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting thursday. thanks.
could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by 6:15?
thanks. i don't need anything else.
have a great one. thanks again for your help. goodbye.
i am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in cambridge.
i want the location to be in the west.
yes, i need a table.
on thursday at 5:00. i also need a hotel in the same area. no need to have free parking.
are you sure? it should be the type of a hotel
how about one that has free parking?
is that in the same area as the restaurant?
yes. i'd like to book that for 3 nights starting sunday and for 4 people.
great, thanks so much! can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the marriott, leaving the restaurant by 17:00?
okay thank you for all your help.
that is all, goodbye.
need a train to broxbourne leaving wednesday.
the train should arrive by 20:15.
wow that's early! what is the departure time and price please?
much better! i also need a cheap french restaurant.
is there a portuguese restaurant?
sounds good can you book that for 8 people at 12:45 on wednesday as well?
can you try 11:45, please?
thank you that was all i needed
help me find a restaurant called hakka please
i'd like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 1815 please.
thank you for your help, good day.
of course! thanks, good bye.
i am in the north part of town, can you tell me what cheap restaurants are around?
i would love to know the address of the italian place please, that sounds perfect!
yes i would, i need it for saturday for 5 people at 18:00 please.
yes, i'm also looking for a train that will depart from peterborough. can you help me with that?
leaving peterborough and must arrive at least by 12:15, i'll need to book a table then too
i am traveling to cambridge on saturday.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
actually, let me get more information first. what is the travel time and price?
thank you. that is all that i need.
no that is everything, thanks for your help.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food at a reasonable price.
is that in the centre of town? is it moderately priced?
i just need the adress and post code.
i also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after 10:15.
from leicester to cambridge, please.
yes please book the train for 1 person and make sure you give me the reference number.
i don't think so. that was everything. thanks. goodbye.
hello, i'm looking for a cheap place to stay. it doesn't need to have free parking.
i also need free wifi and a 0 star rating please.
ok, then, is there one that is cheap and offers free parking instead?
ok, i will try again later.
i want which ever one is close to town.
sure. there will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting monday.
perfect thanks so much for your help that was all i needed today.
i am looking for a particular hotel. its name is called kirkwood house
please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday. can i have a reference number?
wonderful. thank you.
thanks, that's all. good bye.
i am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.
i definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.
is it in the moderate price range? if so, yes.
i would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. i would like to stay in the city centre.
are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?
no preference i also need a reference number.
there will be 2 people and we will arrive on monday.
i'm sorry, 5 nights please.
great. i also need a train leaving on saturday.
the train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.
yes, that will work! i need the reference number please.
thank you so much! that's all i needed. have a great day!
get me a restaurant that serves european food.
i dont really care.
any price range is fine.
could i have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?
no, thank you.
can you help me find train tickets? thanks!
i need to leave on wednesday after 11:45 please.
i'm leaving from kings lynn and headed to cambridge.
none, can you check the spelling and search again?
no, i'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the thanh binh restaurant
hi, i'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on sunday from cambridge please?
i want to arrive at london kings cross.
i don't have a departure time but i want to arrive by 21:30.
no, i just needed the information, thanks. have you heard of the meze bar restaurant?
i'm looking for a place to stay on the east side.
i am looking in the lower range.
a place on the east side with 4 stars and free wifi sounds perfect! can i get the address, price range and postcode for one of those?
thank you. what is the price range?
no, that's it. thanks!
i'm looking for a concert hall in the east.
how about a museum in the east?
thank you very much, could i have the phone number for each of those museums?
i'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving indian food?
i have no preference on the price range.
yes please. book it for 2 on wednesday at 11:45.
please try 10:45.
i will need a taxi to go between the two places please.
i would like to arrive at 10:45.
cambridge artworks please and going to saffron brasserie.
no, thats it thanks!
thank you for your help! goodbye!
can you get me information on a attraction called emmanuel college?
okay thank you. that was all i needed to know.
are there any good eastern european restaurants in the centre?
do any of them serve eastern european food?
what about eastern european food?
chinese is always a good standby when in doubt, lets look for a chiense place.
moderately priced please.
yes please make that for 4 people at 15:00 on a sunday.
thank you, goodbye.
im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town
okay, that sounds neat! is there an entrance fee?
yes, i am looking for a chinese restaurant close by.
to be honest, i don't care about the price range. can you make a suggestion?
yes, i'll need a taxi between the two places as well.
i would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 14:45.
great that was all i needed for today, thank you!
i'm looking for a train departing from stantsted airport going to cambridge.
i want to leave on wednesday and arrive by 10:15.
yes, that will be good! i need eight tickets, please.
can you also give me some information on the leverton house hotel?
what is the address of the hotel?
what is their phone number?
thanks! that's all i needed. goodbye!
i need to take a train to here from broxbourne, this will be on saturday.
the train should leave after 08:00
oh, i am so sorry. i will be leaving broxbourne, not cambridge.
i want to leave after 8:00, please.
that would be great. can you book me for 8 tickets?
i am also looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.
yes, hopefully korean. i love it.
sounds great can i get the address?
no thank you that will be all
good morning, can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please?
it doesn't matter.
sure, may i have their address please?
great! i think that was all i needed. thanks. have a nice day.
i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food.
how about asian oriental food?
that sounds like it will work. may i have the address and phone number, please?
thank you, goodbye.
hi, do you know of a hotel called finches bed and breakfast?
sure. i'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on thursday.
yes i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves italian food.
the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range. the restaurant should be in the south
yes can you please make me a reservation?
i actually dont need a reservation. just the address, postcode and phone number please.
thank you, can i get a taxi as well? i need to leave the hotel by 16:45 and go the restaurant.
excellent, that's all the information i need, thank you for your help!
where is this saffron brasserie located?
great i would like to book a table.
well...i don't have any friends... i'll be going in on thursday at 12:30.
thank you! i also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. it doesn't have to have free parking, but i would like a 4 star place.
no preference. could you pick one for me?
could you book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
could you please also find a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.
i would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 12:30.
thank you very much!
no that's all! thanks for the help.
i'm sure i will. thank you.
hey i am looking for a swimming pool to go to while in cambridge. can you find me one
i think the one in the east would be best. can you give me an address for it?
naw, but i'm looking for some food
i would really like to get really great chinese food. can you suggest an expensive chinese place?
i don't have a area of town preference.
yes please. please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on sunday at 13:15.
great that's all i needed. thanks for your help. bye.
yes, i was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from cambridge.
i'd like to go to london liverpool street on sunday. i need to get there by 21:00.
that one would be great. can i get 2 tickets on that train, and the reference number once it's booked?
i'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free parking.
i am looking for a cheap place to stay.
does this location include free wifi?
does the el shaddai include free wifi?
yes. could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on friday.
that's okay, see if you can make the booking for one night instead.
thank you very much for all your help.
no. thank you for your help.
hi, i'm trying to find a restaurant called sala thong.
sure. i need a table for friday at 14:15 for 5 people.
rad, thanks for your help.
i am also looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.
yes, i want to stay on the north side of town.
is that in the expensive price range and do they have free internet and parking?
i definitely want to stay in the expensive range, so how about we change the area to the centre of town. what do you have there with wifi and parking?
i will take the university arms hotel, please. i would like it booked for 4 nights on friday. there are 5 people in my group.
not at this time thank you.
yes, hello. i interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please
i don't need free parking.
cheap one. book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from wednesday. reference number.
thank you. can you help me out in finding an indian restaurant in town?
yes, i need the expensive price range please.
there is not a certain part of town. but i will need a table for 2 people on wednesdat at 13:30.
that should be all, thank you very much.
i'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, i think it's called the gonville?
yes, please, i need a room for 3 nights for one person, starting on saturday.
how about a different hotel in the same price range please?
is that rated similar to the other one?
yes please boook me that one.
no thank you. you have been very helpful with all your assistance.
help me find a chinese place to dine in the centre please.
i would like to stay in the expensive price range.
can i book it for 1 person at 14:15 on thursday?
i can't wait to eat there, thanks. i also need train information. i am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by 09:45.
no, i need to leave on friday.
yes, 1 ticket please.
i am good to go now, thank you so much! take care!
thank you for your time.
i want to go to a museum in the west area of the town.
can you list 2 of them for me to choose from? thanks
may i get the phone number and postcode for the cafe jello gallery?
i am also looking for the warkworth house. what area is that in?
yes please. i need it for 1 person, 2 nights starting on monday please.
thank you so much for your help.
no that is it. thank you.
hello, could you please find me a place to dine?
the restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food.
do you have one that serves british food?
sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west. can you book a table for 1 on tuesday at 17:45?
can i get a reference number please?
no, thanks for all your help
is there a cinema in the west area?
too bad. how about museums? can you recommend one for me?
yes i would. can you give me the address, post code, and phone number for that museum?
thanks. i also am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
i would like to stay in the west as well.
oh, any of them will do. let's book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting wednesday.
will a two night stay work? if that works go then ahead and give me the reference number.
i think that's it! have a nice day!
thank you for your help. good bye.
hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on monday?
cambridge is my destination, please.
i will need 6 tickets.
yes, is there a reference number? i also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves chinese food.
moderate please and thank you.
can you book me a table there for monday at 14:30?
there will be 6 of us.
could you try for 13:30?
that will be all. thank you so much for all of your help!
hi. i'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?
it's called the a and b guesthouse. i'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on monday. can i get a reference #? thanks!
yes i would also like a place to dine in the north that serves asian oriental food.
no, just needs to be in the north and serve that food.
yes. i would like to book a table for four on monday at 16:15.
that was all i needed today, thank you.
i need to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge on saturday arriving in cambridge before 12:30.
i actually need to leave after 20:30 on friday. so whatever is closest to that time will be fine.
yes that works. can you book it for 5 people and send me the reference number?
thanks! can you also check and see what 3-star guesthouses you have?
the east part of town, it should also include free wifi.
yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the west that include free wifi?
okay, i need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting friday, and i'll need reference number, please.
that sounds perfect, i think that's all i need today. thanks so much for your help.
i want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn
i would like to leave cambridge to arrive in kings lynn by 18:15.
yes that sounds great. i need to book one for 4 people.
can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?
i'd love some scandinavian food?
what about turkish food?
could i get the contact info for that?
yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same saturday.
thank you that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
it should be in the moderate price range with free parking
yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
yes, that's perfect! thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
on sunday. i'd like to arrive by 09:45.
yes. make booking for 3 people and can i have a refernce number?
i also need a guesthouse with free wifi. can you help me find one?
i would like to stay on the south.
is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday
that is all. thanks so much!
hello, i am looking forward to seeing some local attractions in the centre. do you have any recommendations?
no particular attraction in mind. what do you recommend?
i don't mind i just will need their address when you have chosen one.
i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the same area as the attraction.
i'd prefer a hotel, it doesn't need to have parking as i'll be taking the train into town.
no. which one do you recommend?
that will be great. i'll need to book it for sunday. we will be staying 3 nights and it's 8 people.
yes please book
that is everything i need.
hi, i'm looking for some kind of entertainment in cambridge?
great, thanks! do i have any other entertainment options?
the whale of time sounds great. i also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the west.
a 4 star rating please.
i would like the moderate price range.
can you try looking in the north?
perfect. i need 5 nights for 6 people starting on wednesday. could i have the reference number after booking?
yes, i'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from whale of a time. i need it to leave by 06:00
no thanks, that's all i needed. have a good day.
can you give me some information on the worth house?
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from monday
thanks so much for the help.
great, thanks. can you also recommend something fun to do in the south part of town?
i'd like to take a stroll at a park.
can i get the phone number for wandlebury country park?
also what car type is it?
sorry to confuse. yes, can i book a taxi from wandlebury country park to warkworth house. i want to leave by 11:30.
no thank you have a nice day.
i'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.
i would like to stay in the south please.
can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?
okay, thanks. i'm also looking for a train for friday.
i am looking for an attraction called king's college.
thank you very much. can you give me the postcode?
i also need a place to stay.
i would like a hotel with 4-stars. also, an expensive one.
no that will be all the info i need thank you.
i'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge today!
i want to find a european restaurant in the centre. try again please.
what is the address?
no but i do need help getting a train going to cambridge.
i will be traveling on saturday.
i would be leaving from london liverpool street going to cambridge. i would need to arrive by 12:45.
yes that will work fine. can you book that.
that's great! what's the travel time?
thanks, that is all
i'm looking for a decent place to dine in cambridge please.
how about canapes food?
could you please try for italian ?
lets try for a moderately priced place in the centre.
no thanks. i just need the address, postcode, and phone number for this restaurant please.
i would like to book a train to ely, from cambridge.
i want to leave on friday
the train should leave after 11:15. thanks
no thats all the information i needed. thanks
i need help picking the correct train that will arrive at the time i need.
i am leaving from leicester and going to cambridge.
i would like to arrive by monday at 16:30.
that sounds great. my math isn't the best so please tell me what the total travel time is.
no thanks i will book it. can you help me find an expensive restaurant as well?
is it in the north area?
yes, please. i'd like something with some creative food.
how about european food please?
can you book a table for 2?
i need a table at 20:15 on monday.
make the reservation for 2 people please.
that is all. have a nice day.
i need a good place to eat dinner. i like italian, what do you suggest?
i do not have a preference in price.
please make a booking for a table of 2 at 16:15 on thursday and provide the reference number. i also need to look for a train.
great. i will be leaving london kings cross and want to get to cambridge by 11:45 the day i eat at the restaurant.
okay, may i please have the travel time and price?
thank you so much, i will book later. have a great day, you have been helpful.
i want to eat chinese food in the centre.
sure. i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on saturday.
book it for xxxx, can i please get a reference number?
are there any other cheap restaurants in the area?
are there any in the same area and price range but not chinese?
yes, please try j restaurant. asian oriental food sounds good.
thank you for your help! that will be all. good bye.
i need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.
in the south are of town.
does it have free parking?
yes, on tuesday for 3 people 3 nights.
thanks for your time and services
i am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive.
how about indian or italian then?
can you help me locate a restaurant called pizza express fen ditton?
thank you do you know if they take reservations? do you know the hours of the business?
i need a reservation for 3 people on saturday.
the train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge.
what time does that train arrive?
i will travel on sunday.
the train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge
yes, that will do. i need tickets for 3 people please.
thank you, that's all i need today.
is there a place in the centre that serves asian oriental food?
that sounds great, yes please book that.
14:00 on monday.
the reservation needs to be for 8 people.
i also will be needing a trian
i will be departing from bishops stratford. i want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but i need to arrive in cambridge by 09:00.
make a booking for the same group of people.
no thank you. that will be all.
hello! are there any chinese restaurants in the centre?
cheap price range, please!
great! can you book me a table for 5 on thursday?
please try for 12:30.
yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on thursday at 12:30.
no, a moderate restaurant isn't really what i wanted. can you find a cheap chinese restaurant for me?
any of those options would be fine
okay i would like to book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on sunday.
okay please check at 11:30 instead.
ok. let's try charlie chan instead.
if you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap chinese restaurants at 12:30 (or 11:30) on thursday, that would be fine. can you try that?
no it must be in the centre. is there any other chinese place open in the centre on thursday?
any other chinese restaurants in a different price range?
all right, just for fun, let's try one of those (though i expect they will not work either!).
well, maybe you'll have better luck finding me a place to stay. i'm looking for something cheap, but still 4-star quality.
only other thing i would like is free parking.
not really. can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from thursday? it's for 5 people.
man, we are just not having much luck tonight, huh? okay, can you see if there are any available for one night?
thank you. that is all for today.
no, that is all i need. thank you!
don't sweat it. thank you and goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town.
no i am not interested in the golden wok, is there anything else?
great! can i have the phone number and postcode please?
that is all i needed. thank you.
bye
yes, i am traveling to cambridge and would like to know about museums in the area.
no, there isn't. could you recommend one?
yes i am looking for a hotel named el shaddai.
i would like the address, whether they have internet, and phone number, please.
thank you so much for this information.
that's all for now, thank you.
i need to find a place to stay in the centre of town.
i'd like a cheap guest house with wifi.
yes, that would be great. i will be there for three nights.
we arrive on monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 7 of us.
i need to find a place to eat as well.
i am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and cheap.
actually i want a restaurant that serves food in the type of the americas
sure, how about portuguese?
yes please. also, i'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at 14:30. could you get me the contact number and car type?
thanks for all of your help today you have been wonderful!
i am looking for a place in the centre of town serving indian food.
i would like an expensive restaurant.
the curry garden sounds good. can you please provide me with the address and postcode. thank you.
yeah, i would like to know about an attraction called saint barnabas press gallery.
thanks so much - that's all i need today.
i'm traveling to cambridge and looking for places to go. are there any good colleges to see?
no, any area will do. can you recommend one?
yes that sounds great. can you give me the address for that college?
no, i just need help finding a place to stay.
i need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
no, i'm really not picky. j
yes, i would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from tuesday.
can i please get the reference number?
thank you, yes, i will need a taxi from the acorn guest house to corpus christi college. i also did not get the college address.
i would like to leave my hotel by 22:00. would you mind getting the college address for me?
yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.
just the 4 of us
perfect. that's all i need help with. have a great day.
are there any british restaurants in the center of town?
is there such thing as cheap british cuisine? where is that?
perhaps. i'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?
yes please, can i have the address?
are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?
i'm sorry - i'd really like the name of a british restaurant in city center, i don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.
sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can i get a taxi from restaurant one seven to the gardens?
i would like to leave the restaurant by 14:45.
can i get a contact number for that taxi?
i need a place to dine on crossover food. it should be in the centre
what about african food?
i would, thanks. i need a table for 6 on sunday, at 15:30.
ok, could you also give me some information about the aylesbray lodge guest house?
would you be able to book one of those for me please?
the six of us will be arriving on thursday.
i will need to stay 4 nights please.
i also need a taxi that arrives at he restaurant by the booked time.
it's just me. is that necessary though?
you have been a great help. thank you so much. have a wonderful day and keep up the great work. goodbye
hi there, i'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the south of cambridge.
yes please. is any of these two a guesthouse type of hotel?
what is the postcode of aylesbray lodge?
great, thanks. can you also help me find a lebanese restaurant?
yes. can you book that for 5 people at 18:15 on friday?
no, that would be all. thank you. have a good day.
you have a good day as well. goodbye.
hi, i am looking for information in cambridge. i'll be coming in the next few weeks.
we are visiting and hoping to find some great entertainment in the area.
it should be in the centre, , how about one that is in the type of architecture
not really. what's the address and postcode for your favorite one?
what about the post code?
i need a place to stay - a guesthouse, i think. perhaps in the north?
i'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it? i will need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
no those dont matter to me.
yes please. i need it for 7 people, 2 nights and starting from wednesday.
thank you! when you are done i will need the reference number.
that will be l for now, thank you very much
i'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi.
it should be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, other than what i mentioned i have no preferences.
first let me ask if they have free parking. also, can you please tell me the star rating?
that sounds perfect. i will book it myself if i decide on it. that is all i need today. thank you.
can you get me information on a theatre to visit?
hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. i would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.
thank you. i am also looking for a place to eat. maybe italian food?
i'd like someplace expensive in the center.
that sounds great. could you book 7 people for 16:00 on sunday?
great. thanks for all your help!
could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?
i'm really not to sure.
that's perfect. thanks so much!
no that is all i need today.
can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi to stay at?
any area would be okay. i would like for the guest house to have a 4 star rating.
ok. book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
yes, i'm looking for a moroccan restaurant please!
no. that's the type of food i wanted.
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the east?
sounds great. can i have their address and phone please
that's everything i needed, thank you for your help!
i would like find some information about a train. specifically, i'm looking for details about a train that leaves tuesday after 11:15.
yes, i'll be departing from london kings cross.
yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.
i am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the expensive price range. what do you find available?
can you just give me their phone number and postcode?
that's all i need. i appreciate the help.
are there any 4 star hotels in cambridge?
firstly, before that, i need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the cheap price range.
a hotel is fine if you have it please.
that is fine. i need it for 8 people starting monday for 4 nights. can i please have the reference number as well?
can you try it for 2 nights?
can i get a train to the stansted airport?
i need to leave on wednesday after 21:00. what options do i have?
yes, please. i would like to book tickets for 8 people on that train - how much will that cost?
what is the arrival time for that train?
thank you for your assistance! have a good day!
are there any australian food places in the south part of town?
are you sure? i am really looking for an expensive australian place to dine in the south.
no, lets keep the same area but see if there might be an indian restaurant instead.
okay. i want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on sunday.
can you see if a table is available at 15:30?
great thank you for your help today.
no, that's it for today. goodbye.
i'm going to cambridge from london liverpool street. i need to leave on tuesday.
i need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge for tuesday and i need to get there by 12:30.
i want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.
that's okay. can you tell me about a hotel though? it's the express by holiday inn cambridge.
okay can i book that for 2 people for 5 nights from tuesday.
thank you that is all i needed today.
i need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food.
how about any restaurants that serves creative food.
ok, well what do we have in the north area?
how about a cheap indian restaurant?
no, i can do that. could you give me the phone number? also, the address with postcode?
what about the postcode and the address?
no, that's all. thank you!
find me a moderately priced french restaurant
what about an indian restaurant in the same price range?
no thank you that will be all
actually, i'm also looking for a train. i'll need it to go to cambridge on sunday.
i'm looking for one that arrives by 16:15, ideally.
perfect book for 5 people
thank you that is all i need.
can i get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?
what type of food do they serve?
thank you goodbye.
i'm looking for a british restaurant in the east.
yes, please book a table for 2 at 19:00.
that should have been for 7 people at 18:00 on wednesday. sorry bout that.
please do that.
i also need a train to cambridge. leaving after 13:00.
i am actually leaving from cambridge and going to broxbourne.
anytime is fine, can i have a reference number?
great! i think that is all i need today. thank you for all your help!
thank you, you as well.
i'm looking for a moderately-priced place to stay.
i prefer the south part of town if you have anything.
yes, please. do either have free wifi?
great! can you book that for me?
there wili be 4 of us arriving on saturday, and staying for 3 nights.
not that is it thanks.
hi, would you be able to recommend a museum?
i don't have a preference. can you please recommend one?
that would be perfect. may i get the area, phone number and address?
what about the area and phone number?
i am also looking for a restaurant.
a swiss restaurant in the west.
can you please try indian food instead.
alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at 19:15. i will need a reference number as well
can you help me get a taxi?
i will be going from the museum to the restaurant.
can you try to book at 18:15 instead first, no sense in setting a taxi time to the restaurant without a reservation
great! i want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.
i have the museum, restaurant and taxi lined up. that's everything. thank you for your assistance. goodbye.
am looking for a restaurant. the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
i would prefer vietnamese.
yes please. i'd like it to be for tuesday at 12:00.
there will be 7 of us.
no that's it. thanks for your help!
hi, i need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please.
the north part of town, please.
could you book the kirkwood house for me for thursday, 6 people and 5 nights?
that is all i needed. thanks.
i am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.
no, i just want an expensive place in the centre.
that sounds lovely - what is their cuisine type?
yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by 11:15
i want to travel on friday. my departure station is in cambridge.
hello! i was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.
i would like a moderate priced hotel please.
parking is not important. can you book cityroomz for three people staying 2 nights starting friday.
how about one night?
thank you for that! i'm also looking for a train to cambridge from leicester. can you help me with that?
i need one that arrives in cambridge by 8:45 on friday.
yes please i need that for 3 people please
great. thank you very much. that is all i need for today.
hi there, i'm looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free.
i don't have a preference. i wold just like a 4 star moderate.
maybe, but are they expensive? i would like something moderately priced if possible.
what type of hotel is it?
okay, that's all the information i need. thank you!
i'm looking for a hotel, i'm excited to see some tourist attractions so there needs to be free parking.
maybe you could suggest one in the moderate price range.
sounds great! does it have free wifi?
i'm not ready to book just yet. could you just give me the phone number?
yes. i was looking to find some place to go in town.
well give me your favorite
i would like a cinema.
i'd prefer a cinema that's in the south part of town.
that sounds great. can you provide me with cineworld cinema's postcode and phone number please?
thanks! that's all i needed. goodbye!
i want a hotel that has free parking.
i want to stay in the northern part of town.
yes, please reserve a room.
never mind. i want to know is this a guesthouse. if not i need one.
sure. can i get the postcode, price range, and phone number? i also need an attraction in the same area of town.
i also need a place to go in the same area as the hotel.
a park sounds nice. what are my options?
that sounds wonderful! i will need a taxi to commute please.
i want to leave milton county park by 06:15 to return to hamilton lodge, please.
yes,that will do for now thanks
thank you i don't need anything else, goodbye.
i'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. i definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.
is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?
is there one in the cheap range?
oh goodness. can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west. cheap is fine.
yeah book for 5 people
will this start on friday?
i'm sorry for the confusion. i would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning friday, at the cambridge belfry.
thank you for the reservation. i am also looking for a lovely park in north cambridge.
what is the address and phone number?
i also need a taxi between the two places.
i want to leave the hotel by 4:30
i want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.
do you have their contact number?
that will be all for today. have a great day. goodbye.
i'm looking for a french restaurant in the north of cambridge.
thank you, i would prefer the expensive price range, does that fall in that range?
yes. i would like to book a table for 3 at 14:30 on friday please.
yes, i am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn and leaves after 12:15.
does it leave on saturday, departing from cambridge?
yes, i'd like 3 tickets, please, along with the reference number.
no thanks. that will be it for today. have a good day. goodbye.
i'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town.
is the restaurant in the expensive price range?
can you help me find a train arriving by 12:45 going to birmingham new street?
i'm leaving from cambridge
i'm leaving on saturday. may i please have the travel time?
thanks. can you also look up information on lovell lodge hotel?
thank you for the info, that will be all.
what type of attractions are in the centre?
that sounds cool! can i get their address, postcode, and entrance fee?
i'd also like to find a guesthouse to stay in.
well i would like a 4-star place with free wifi, if possible.
can we make that a hotel instead?
okay, thanks! are they both 4-star?
i'm sorry, i haven't been clear. i am looking for a guesthouse, not a hotel. is there a 4-star guesthouse with free wifi?
it doesn't matter what area. i'll need free wifi. i need to book for 5 people for 2 nights starting monday. i'll need the reference number please.
not really. what's your recommendation?
yes go ahead and book it for 5 people and two nights starting this monday.
that is all for now thatk you.
thank you again
i really have to go now. i'm going to be late for work. thanks for the help. goodbye.
i want a cheap portuguese restaurant. give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
thank you, goodbye
hello, can you give me information on williams art and antiques? i need their address, phone, and postcode please. is there an admission fee? will i need taxi from cambridge?
what is their postcode?
thank you, i need to find an indian restaurant in the south that is expensive.
yes, book it please and can i have the address. thank you
thanks, i'm all set now. take care!
can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. it doesn't need parking.
well i would like a guesthouse. does that limit what area i can book in?
can you tell me if they have free internet and the star rating for each?
i also need a restaurant.
actually, i have a certain restaurant in mind. it's called royal standard. can you tell me about it?
that's unfortunate. are you certain you can't find it? i was sure it's still operating.
yes. i need a table for 4 people at 19:15 on sunday.
thanks! i also need a taxi to take me from archway house to the restaurant for that reservation, please.
thanks. i need to get going so, its time to say goodbye. have a good one.
can you help me book some train tickets?
i am leaving from cambridge.
i am going to bishops stortford at 12:45 on thursday.
yes, on thursday. can you book me a train for 3 people please?
yes one ticket to hogwarts please?
i am sorry, poor joke. i am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number
yes i am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.
how about one that is cheap?
i am not looking in any specific area. a cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. can you recommend one?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.
thanks, i need for 3 people for 2 nights. arrival is on tuesday.
thank you for all your help. that is all for now.
i am looking to get a guesthouse with a 4 star rating in cambridge please.
is there one in the moderate price range that includes free wifi?
not quite yet. do they have free parking? also, what is their address?
yes, i am looking for an attraction called the place.
thank you, do you have a phone number for them?
that's all. thank you.
i want something in the north part of town. moderately priced.
any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the north part of town.
i've actually had a bad experience at the gold wok. is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
sounds good. what is the postcode and phone number?
thank you. goodbye.
i want to find a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and is moderately priced. can you help?
yes, i'd like to be on the east side. the hotel should have a 4 star rating please.
ok, carolina b&b it is. can you book me a room for 1 person staying 5 nights on sunday please?
yes i also need a train. can you help me?
i need it to go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.
i'd like to arrive by 13:45 on sunday.
i don't need a ticket just yet. can you tell me the total cost per ticket, though?
that will be all for the day, thank you.
i hope to. thanks again. bye.
good afternoon. i am trying to find an indian restaurant to eat at. i would prefer something expensive. can you help me?
i would like it to be in the center. i will need a number, address and postcode.
thank you for all that information. yes, i would like to make a reservation.
yes, i would like a reservation for one please.
i've changed my mind, i don't want to book it yet. can you give me the area, address, and phone number, please?
that's all i need today. thanks for your help!
i'd like to find a thai restaurant in the center.
yes, please. is it expensive?
no, that is perfect. i would like to book a table for 5 people on wednesday at 11:00.
i also need a place to stay
i would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.
in the centre is fine. can you please check to see if any offer internet?
does the hotel also offer internet?
i do not want to book it at this time.
what is the address of the guesthouse?
i'll need a taxi to take me to bangkok city from the hotel and arrive by 11:00.
thank you for all your help. have a great day!!
i'm looking for a guest house, please.
no but i want it to be in the north and have free parking.
i don't need to book at the moment, but thank you for the information!
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please
thank you much. i have heard raves about a certain restaurant called two two. do you have any info on it?
yes, please. i want a table for 2 people on thursday at 11:00. please give me the reference number too.
no actually, that was all i wanted help with today! thanks a whole bunch!! goodbye
hi, i'll be traveling to cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves indian food.
how about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.
yes that sounds great. there will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on saturday, please.
yes, i do need that number, please.
great i also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town
yes both. reference number please?
there will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. i will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.
ok great, can we get a taxi booked now? i need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.
royal spice, please
i think that will be all for now, thanks. bye.
im looking for a restaurant called sitar tandoori, can you help?
just the phone number please.
i also need to find a train going to ely on friday.
well, let's see. i need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs cambridge some time after 08:00?
yes, can you make a booking for 4 people please.
no, thank you, you've been very helpful.
i am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. i would like for it to be in the east section of town.
i'd like a 4 star place that's on the pricier side.
i would like one that is cheap then.
yes please. can you book the reservation for saturday for 5 guests for a 2 night stay. thanks.
try for 1 night instead. if that works, can i have the reference number?
i also need to find something called gonville and caius college, can you help?
can i get the postcode?
no thanks - i'm all set. thank you for your help today.
i need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.
i need it for saturday.
i just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. what time do i depart?
no thanks, i just wanted to know the information. i do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
can i get more information?
i'm looking for a restaurant recommendation.
yes, i am looking for a expensive scottish restaurant.
okay, let's try for an expensive italian restaurant instead.
no, i just need a resrvation for 7 people at 17:45 on monday.
thank you. could you help me find a museum that is in the east?
thank you so much. do you know if there is an admission charge?
can you also tell me the phone number and postcode?
great! thank you for all your help.
you too! thanks.
i am looking for a hotel, the alpha-milton guest house.
what day would you like me to book a room ?
i would like to book the room for friday for four nights.
yes, please provide the reference number.
i will have a party of 4 people.
hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? i need to go to cambridge i am leaving from bishops stanford station. do you know the times?
i would like to leave on sunday please.
i need tickets for three people.
could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?
yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.
what is the reference number?
i also need a hotel for 3 people starting sunday and for 4 nights.
we would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking. can you find something fitting this?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
no that would be all.
i'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.
do they serve chinese food?
what is the address?
yes, what is the price range?
i already got the address, thank you. that is all i needed. good bye.
i'm looking for a modern eclectic place to dine in the cambridge north end tonight.
i would not. i prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located north.
how about a chinese restaurant in the same area, same price range?
i only need the phone number and postcode.
is milton road chesterton the full address for hakka? i also need a train to cambridge.
i need to go from stevenage to cambridge on friday, leaving after 8:00.
yes, that will work. can you place a booking for 6 people on that train and provide a reference number?
great thank you very much that should be all
i need to take a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 16:45.
i'll be leaving from london liverpool street. oh, and i'd like to travel on saturday, please.
i need it to arrive by 6:30 and i need it for 3 people.
thanks. can you also tell me some information on the maharajah tandoori restaurant?
that's all. thank you.
i'm looking for any type of architectural attractions in town. do you have any recommendations?
there are no architectural attractions anywhere in town?
sure, that sounds good. could you give me the information on all saints church?
yes, i am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.
i'm just looking for something that is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
can you book for 4 people 5 nights and get me the reference number please?
starting thursday.
no that was it. thank you so much for your help.
i'm taking a tour of colleges and i've heard that cambridge is the place to go. can you tell me about some you have there?
it doesn't matter. i'm interested in a college type attraction. i also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. thanks.
thanks! if it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called da vinci pizzeria?
thank you! will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on wednesday?
thank you. i will need a taxi to get from christ's college to the restaurant.
no, thank you. you've been quite helpful.
i want some entertainment in the centre. what do you have?
are there any musems in centre?
could you just pick one for me?
sounds interesting. what is their address with postcode? is it free?
i need a place to stay. can you suggest a hotel in the centre of town?
i would like moderate pricing and 4 stars please
type does not matter. please try the search again without type specified
okay. i don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 4 stars, and in the centre.
is that 4 stars and in the moderate price range?
no need to book it, just give me the address please
okay thank you i won't be needing any more from you today. goodbye
i am looking for information in cambridge
my best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. it was called finches bed and breakfast. can you tell me a little about that place?
i think i am ready to book. can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from sunday?
actually, i need some information on a train heading into cambridge.
i want to leave bishops stortford and arrive in cambridge by 12:00, please.
yes please book that for 8 people and provide me with the reference number.
thank you so much! you're very helpful and i appreciate all your work. i'm looking forward to this trip!
nope, leave me alone now please
thank you! bye!
i'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called la margherita.
what kind of food do they serve there?
no, that is all i need. thank you.
i was wanting help with a place to dine in cambridge.
yes, we would like something in the centre, expensive chinese food would be great.
that sounds great. can you book me a table for two at 3 p.m. on sunday?
perfect. now, please find me a train leaving after 13:00 on monday
i would be leaving from cambridge and going to stevenage.
yes can i please get the arrival time?
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
yes please
is there something else?
what is the address and phone number?
no, thank you. good bye.
i am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre.
can i get the phone number and price range?
thank you, goodbye
i'm looking for information in cambridge......oh, i should tell you what i'm looking for! how silly of me! can you please give me some information on cineworld cinema?
what is the postcode?
yes. i need a place to stay in the north, just a 0 star hotel is fine.
does it have free wifi and free parking?
yes, that would be great, thank you. i need it for 5 nights starting sunday, and for 6 people.
that's everything i need.
i also need a taxi. can you help with that?
well i'll be leaving from the cineworld cinema traveling to the city centre north b and b hotel you've just booked for me.
i want to leave the hotel by 21:15 to get to cineworld cinema, please.
yes that would be great and i need a reference number and number of taxi
thank you so much for helping
no thanks, that's all i needed.
i'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.
i don't care about price range, but i would like to have free parking.
please include post code and phone number with the listings.
i am also looking for a restaurant. i prefer it to serve cuban food and i would like a moderate price range.
how about chinese food?
north is fine, what is the postcode for that?
no, that is all i need at this time, thank you for your help.
hi, i want a moderately priced restaurant.
located in the east side
yes please, could i have the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue?
thank you.
that's it, thanks. good bye.
i want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.
does it have free parking?
yes can you book me a room and send me a reference number?
i was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting tuesday.
two rooms, and the reference number after booking. also wanting an entertainment attraction in the centre. if nothing is available, then a park would be fine.
i've already picked the alexander bed and breakfast. i need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on tuesday.
thank you i also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is entertainment.
do you have any parks instead?
can you arrange a taxi to get me from the alexander b&b to the botanic gardens? i want to leave the alexander by 05:00.
thank you that is all i needed.
i'm going to be in the north part of town next week. can you help me find a place to stay?
let's see...i'd like to get free internet. and if you have a place with 4 stars, that would rock!
honestly, the price range doesn't matter to me. is there anything you can recommend?
that sounds good. what's its phone number, please?
no, that's all. thank you.
i am looking for a hotel in cambridge called the cambridge belfry
yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights.
great! i also need information on multiple sports in the centre.
how about a museum?
that sounds great. can you please give me the phone number?
i would also like a taxi to commute and i would like it 17:45 please and the contact number and the car type, thank you
i need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45.
great! that's it! thank you!
hello, i am looking for a train that leaves on friday after 10:00.
i want to leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge.
that will work great. could you please make a booking for seven people?
yes, i need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.
yes please book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
no that's it, thank you for your help.
i'm interested in going to the junction during my upcoming trip to cambridge.
great! can i get the postcode?
nope, that will be all. thanks and have a good day.
yes actually i am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 3 star rating and also free parking.
yes, i sure would. can you also tell me the address and postcode? thanks!
no, but can you get me a taxi between the two places?
the departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to the junction.
sorry, i actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. and i want to leave the attraction vy 19:45. book that please and give me the info.
that is all, thanks.
i'm travelling to cambridge and i need a train leaving after 16:15.
i am leaving from peterborough.
i would like to leave on tuesday.
is there one a little earlier? i'd actually like to leave closer to 13:15.
no just to leave after 13:15.
i'd like to book for 3 people.
thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a moderate price range? any type of food will do.
oooh. i like both of those. which would you recommend?
okay, thanks! can you please give me the postcode and address?
that's all the help i need for today, thank you.
i need help finding a 4 star hotel
no, but i need free parking and wifi.
nah, i just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at moderately priced hotels?
1 person, plese.
yes, please. i'm looking for a jamaican restaurant that is moderately priced.
is there one in the centre of town maybe?
are there any spanish restaurants available?
yes, please. i would like its address and postal code.
la tasca sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at 12:30?
i'm sorry, i forgot some of my friends couldn't make it. it will just be myself, and i need the reservation for wednesday.
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
i would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, 12:30!
that is all i need, thank you, goodbye!
you can help me find a cheap hotel in cambridge that includes free wifi.
is this hotel a guesthouse?
i need in the east area also, is that one in the east? i'll need the address and postcode.
as long as autumn house meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the east area with free wifi and cheap, then i am interested.
yes, please make the booking for october 30th. but, do make sure they have wifi, please. what are their fees?
actually i wouldn't like a booking. i just needed the information. however, i would like to go to an attraction in the same area as the hotel please?
a museum sounds good. could you pick one and give me the address and entrance fee?
that's perfect, thanks!
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the town.
want to book a table for 5 people at 12:00 on sunday and a confirm number place
i also need a place to stay
i would like the guesthouse to be the same price range as the restaurant. i need it to include free wifi.
yes. i want a reservation for 4 nights starting sunday.
yes that would be great. also i;ll need the reference number.
thank you very much! goodbye!
i wanted to visit the restaurant named la raza, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if i should try to book a reservation?
what type of food does la raza serve? and what area is it in?
thanks a lot. i am also looking for places to go to in the centre of town.
i don't really have a preference, what would you suggest? i'm kind of new to town.
that sounds great. can i get their phone number and postcode please?
thank you very much, you've been very helpful.
i'm looking for an attraction in the category of college in the center of town
i would prefer a college in town centre. i'll need the phone and address also.
i am also looking for a place to stay in the centre.
moderate range please.
yes book for 4 people and 5 nights from sunday
no that will be it thank you for your help.
i am looking for information in cambridge.
are there trains leaving from peterborough on tuesday?
i'd like to arrive by 13:00. i'd also like to book seats for 6 people. can you provide a reference number please?
yes i am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.
grand. please can you give me the postcode and phone?
no, that will be all. thank you for your help!
hi i'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.
is there a restaurant that serves tuscan food?
can you try chinese?
i'm sorry, i would actually like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant.
is it a cheap place?
yes, i would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on tuesday
yes, i'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on tuesday as well.
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 08:00.
that is right, please get me the booking.
can i get the reference number please?
i need 7 tickets please.
thank you so much!
no, that's it. thank you so much for your help.
i'm looking for places to visit on the south side of town.
i'm open to anything really. surprise me and recommend one and get me the address.
please give me information about the gandhi
yes, could you please book a table for me thank you.
it would be for saturday for 4 people at 20:00 please.
oh yeah, i just remembered, i'm going to need a taxi to commute between these two locations.
yes this is correct.
thank you for your help.
i'd like to find a north american restaurant in any area. i'd like the address, phone, and price range.
thank you, goodbye.
good bye.
i want a train leaving from stevenage
i would like to leave on friday, and arrive in cambridge by 11:30.
yes, that is perfect. i need 5 seats please.
yes i also need information on a place to eat called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
could i get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on friday?
nothing, thank you. that's all i need. goodbye.
can you find me a chinese restaurant with moderate prices?
which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town?
thanks! can i have the address, phone number, and postcode for jinling noodle bar, please?
no thanks. that's not necessary. i think i have all i need. have a good night.
hi, i am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay. can you help me with one?
i need it to be in the north. i'd also like free parking and free wifi.
not really. i'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.
can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?
not yet but i would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.
a swimming pool would be great. can i get the address please?
great! i'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.
i want to leave the hotel at 5:30.
thanks so much. that's all for today, goodbye
hi, i'm looking to book a train that will depart from london liverpool street. i need the ticket for monday. can you give me available times?
i would like to leave london liverpool on monday.
i'm not sure when i need to leave, but i would like to arrive by 20:00.
that would work perfectly! can you book me 6 tickets please?
that you and whhat is the reference number ?
yes please. i'm looking for information on the hamilton lodge.
yes for sunday please 4 nights for 4 people
thank you, that will be all for today.
yes, i'm only looking for information right now. can you help me with a train?
i'm leaving from london kings cross and want to arrive in cambridge.
wednesday after 13:15 would be great.
i don't need to book. i just need the train id, travel time and arrival time for the 13:17 train.
i'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the east, and with internet included
yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.
that'a all i need for today. thanks!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi
are either of those in the cheap price range?
i am not really picky.
is it cheap?
that sounds good, yes. i need 4 nights booked for me, beginning friday and for 7 people.
yes, 3 nights please and can i have a reference number
no, i've got everything i need. i appreciate your help.
can you find me a particular hotel please?
i am looking for the warkworth house. i would like to book it starting sunday for 3 nights for 2 people.
yeah that's okay. please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting sunday.
please look for a different hotel in the same pricerange.
thanks so much for all of your help
no thank you that is all.
i need a place to stay with free wifi.
location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.
between $100-$300 per night.
what is their postcode?
i'm looking for a place to eat. i want expensive malaysian food. can you help?
well i need it to be in the south of town.
chinese sounds good. can you give me any suggestions?
sounds great. make a reservation for 4 on friday at 11:00.
how about !0:00 instead, is that available friday?
thanks, that's all i need.
what kind of entertainment is located in town in the south area of cambridge?
sounds interesting. what is the entrance fee?
that sounds great. what's the postcode?
i also need the phone number for the avalon hotel.
looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range
it should be in the west part of town.
british sounds good. what's it called?
yes, i would like the address and phone number.
perfect. thank you very much.
hi, i am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. do you have anything available?
that sounds great!
i will need the reference number please.
friday. there will be 5 people in my party, and i'll need a reservation for 5 nights.
that is all i needed, thank you.
i'm looking for information about a hotel in cambridge called warkworth house.
can you provide me with their phone number please?
yes, i am looking for places to go while i'm there. perhaps a nightclub?
that sounds great! thank you for the information.
i need a cab to commute between both places and i want to leave the hotel by 18:45, i also need the contact # & car type
great, thank you.
no thats it have a nice day !
i'm looking for a swimming pool in town.
no, actually it doesn't matter. can you suggest one and provide me the postcode?
i would also like to find a korean restaurant
yes, a table for 6, please.
hello, are you still there? you said that you would reserve it but never did anything, it has been 55 minutes.
that's alright. i need my table to be booked on sunday.
we would like 18:45 on sunday for 6 people. i'll need a taxi to go between the two places by the booked time. please provide contact number and car type.
i'll need to go between the swimming pool and the restaurant.
no, thank you. that was all i needed. thanks. bye.
i am looking for a malaysian restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to cambridge.
how about one that serves spanish food
could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on monday at the la raza?
i also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same monday for 4 nights, please.
i am actually looking for a hotel called home from home
no, that is the name of the hotel, can you try again?
the hotel name is home from home.
that is the correct name. can you try again?
okay, then can you find another in the same vicinity?
no i have no preferences. i need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting monday.
please have a taxi take me from my hotel to the restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. and give me the booking info
thanks that's all i needed for the night.
what trains leave friday from bishops stortford?
i need to arrive in cambridge by 11:15 which one would work best?
how much is the ticket?
great. can i also get a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range?
yes please. i will need a table for 6 at 18:15 on friday.
no, thank you very much for your help.
hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
i am looking for italian food.
okay, let's book a table for five on wednesday at 14:45.
no 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us. could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me?
sure and give me the reference number too please.
thank you so much for your time. that will be all.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food. what is the address and phone number?
ok. thanks.
that is all, thank you, goodbye.
i need to find a place to stay in town
not really, but i do want a 4-star hotel with free parking and wifi.
i would prefer a hotel, thank you.
sure, that would be great!
i'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning tuesday.
i need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "the place"
great. can you give me the address and phone number for the place? thank you for your help.
no that was it. thank you so much.
hi, i'm visiting the area and would like to find some local tourist attractions to the east of here.
yes, could you please give me some information on parks, pools, and the sports centre? i just need the address and cost of admission please.
could i have the postcode for the cherry hinton water play, please?
i also need a place to stay in the expensive price range. it needs free parking, wifi and a 4 star rating.
let's go with the one in the centre. i need 5 nights starting friday for 2 people.
nope, i'm all set today. thank you for your help!
hello! can you please give me information about dojo noodle bar?
can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? i will also need a table for 2 at 15:15 on saturday.
thank you for assisting.
yes, i'm also looking for a recommendation on hotels in the north that have free parking.
lovell lodge sounds good. i don't need a reservation.
just a reference number
yes i would. for 2 nights, same group of people and same day.
can you try it for 1 night instead and see if that works? and then give reference number
could you check your system again? i really need a hotel.
thats all i need for now. thanks!
i am looking for a north indian food restaurant in the town centre.
what about expensive restaurants?
what about a restaurant that serves just indian food?
that sounds good. please book for 2 people at 11:45 on saturday.
thank you. can you give me a reference number? also, i need to book a 4 star guesthouse.
i need it to include free wifi.
i trust your opinion, just please let me know the price range and postcode.
no thank you. you have been very helpful.
what is the price range for the hotel?
no, that is it. thank you.
i am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi.
i would like it to have a four star rating.
it does not. do you have a favorite?
i don't need a booking but can you tell me the postcode and address?
no, that is all the information i needed. thank you!
hey! looking for a hotel on the west side. thanks!
i would have to choose the less expensive one this time.
do they offer internet?
i would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
thank you. do you have information on the pipasha restaurant?
what is the postcode to that place?
i'd also like to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant.
i would like to leave the hotel by 01:00.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i am looking for a restaurant in cambridge called the la margherita
okay, great! please book me a table for 6 at 14:45 on sunday. please provide the reference number as well.
well i'm also looking for a train. can you coordinate a time with a departure from cambride on sunday?
i would like to depart from cambridge this sunday and arrive at london liverpool street by 12:15
thank you for the information that's all i need today.
can you help me find a chinese restaurant?
something in the centre please.
can you check for a chinese place with a different price range?
what cuisines is in that area?
i am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on saturday at a moderately priced restaurant.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant please.
i also want a train to go to stansted airport
i'm heading to stansted airport from cambridge on friday and any train that leaves after 08:15 will work
that sounds good. please give me the travel time and ticket price.
what is the travel and arrival time? thank you.
that is all thanks.
i am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
a guesthouse please.
i would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 4 nights starting thursday. just the best place possible.
yes, let's try for 2 nights instead. i will also need a reference number.
great, can you also help me find a museum called museum of classical archaeology?
may i have the postcode for the museum please?
no thank you, that will be all for now.
can i get the entrance fee also please?
no, nothing at all.
i need to get a train from cambridge to london liverpool street.
i would like to leave on friday, after 10:30, please.
could you actually tell me the price on that?
great, thanks. can you also help me find an upscale place to stay that offers free wifi?
i don't have an area preference but i would like a guesthouse.
yes that will be fine. could you recommend a nice hotel?
are there any moderately priced guesthouses with wifi and free parking?
and this is a guesthouse, correct? if so, i would love the postcode and address please.
yes please, just one person staying one night.
not yet, just needed the info given, thanks.
thank you so much, bye.
i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by 11:45
can you look up trains departing from broxbourne instead?
great! can you book 2 seats for me on that one?
i need to book a room in a guesthouse that has free parking.
not really but i do need a 4 star rating.
wifi is not necessary, but i would like free parking. i'm looking for mid range pricing.
sounds great! i'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting thursday.
thats everything thanks
hi i'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving italian food
it doesn't really matter, just someplace really good. i'll need a table.
wednesday at 19:45 the table is only for me.
i'm also looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
something that is in the same part of town as the restaurant would be good.
price doesn't matter. just something with the free parking. wifi is great but not needed.
i just want the address for now.
great, thanks! that's all i needed right now!
i am looking for a moderate priced place to stay.
i would like a place in the centre with free parking.
sure, let's try the north instead please
yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
you've been great, that is all i needed. thank you, goodbye!
what cheap restaurants are there in the west of cambridge?
no, nothing specific.
i'd like to book a table for 5 on monday at 15:45, so if one of them can fit us in at that time i'd like to book it.
how about 14:45?
thanks so much. i will also need a train leaving cambridge on tuesday going to london liverpool street no later than 16:30.
yes i'd like to book 5 tickets. and can i get the reference number?
that is everything i needed. thank you!
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
i'm looking for something that would be in the middle price point.
maybe the south?
i don't care about that.
does it have free wifi?
yes. there will be six of us staying for two nights.
we are actually checking in starting on tuesday.
yes, can i have a reference number please?
nope, that's all i need for today. thank you!
i'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on tuesday.
i am going to cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to cambridge by 13:30 tuesday.
not yet but i do need a price and travel time.
thank you! i'm also looking for a hotel named the allenbell. can you help me with that?
thanks so much, can you book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting from the same day?
no. that is all. thanks.
can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? thanks.
that doesn't matter as long as i'm in the east part of town.
can you please check again? hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. thanks
can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?
i'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
doe it have free wifi?
not at this time, can you give me the postcode?
yes, i also need information on colleges to see in the west please.
i need the address and postcode of one you recommend.
yes, please. i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i want to go from the churchill college to cambridge belfry. i want to leave the college by 01:45.
i am looking for a place to stay. preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.
i would like the hotel to be expensive.
how about a cheap one?
ok, book that for 4 people. we'll arrive monday and stay 4 nights. and can i have the reference number?
i'm looking for a russian restaurant in the centre.
is there a mediterranean restaurant in the centre?
i would like the one closest to the alexander bed and breakfast please.
can you provide me with the price range for the gardenia as well as the postcode?
thank you for the information
no that will be everything i needed for today. thank you!
can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 4 star rating?
oh, expensive please. i do hope it is a guesthouse?
oh. i would really prefer a guesthouse. how about the moderate price range?
the location isn't important. i need to book it for friday, please.
yes. i will be staying 5 nights starting friday.
i'll be staying for 5 nights.
im also looking for the cow pizza kitchen and bar. whats the address for it?
i need it's price range please
you have helped me with everything i need. thank you.
where is a museum that is located in the cambridge centre?
i would like a museum near the centre. could you please tell me the fee, phone number, and postal code.
is this a cheap place?
excellent. can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the centre area?
i don't. i'm mostly just focused on the area and he cheap price range. any suggestions?
nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 16:30 on friday.
actually yes. i'd like to book a taxi so i can go back and forth between the museum and the restaurant
i want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 15:30 from the broughton house gallery. i need the contact number and car type as well.
oh, i think i'm all set. thank you.
i need a train to stevenage on saturday.
much later, i can't leave any earlier than 16:15.
ok can you book it for me with a confirm number
great, can you help me find an expensive 2 star hotel that has free wifi?
that sounds great. can you book a room for me?
i will get there thursday and stay for 2 nights. i am the only guest staying.
yes please, for 1 person, 2 nights starting thursday.
is a 1 night stay available?
i need the reference number to confirm my booking at the hotel. you should've provided that to me.
that will be all. thanks.
can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?
i will be leaving from ely.
i would like to leave after 15:30.
that sounds perfect. can you also help me to find a 2 star hotel?
i would like it to be in the moderate range in price.
i would prefer ashley hotel.
yes please book it for 8 people for 5 nights
that is all i needed.
i need a train for london kings cross to cambridge.
i want to leave saturday after 10:45.
yeah, i need seven tickets.
can you find a place to in the centre?
yes, i'd like to know the address, please.
alright that helped, thanks for your time. that's alls i needed to know.
i'm looking for an italian restaurant in cambridge in the west.
ok sounds great i want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 16:15 and i would like the reference number
i am also looking for a hotel. i would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant.
do they have free parking and free wifi?
perfect. can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.
sure. let's try just one night then.
i also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.
i want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time
actually, that was all i needed. thanks so much. goodbye.
hi. can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
may i have the address and phone number please
thank you. goodbye.
can you please help me get information on cityroomz?
i need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting tuesday.
that's it. thanks.
i'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.
yes please, i'd like it to be in the cheap price range and i'd also like to stay at a 4 star location.
please just give me the address, phone number, and area.
no, i'm also looking for some attractions in town. any multiple sports attractions located around the centre?
well, can i try swimming pool maybe? i'm really sporty!
yes. can you please give me their phone number and postcode?
you have been super helpful. thanks that's all i need.
hello! can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town?
it doesn't matter.
may i have their address please?
thank you goodbye.
could you help me find a place to stay? i am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.
location doesn't matter really, i would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating.
that sounds good. i want to make a booking for 5 people. we need to stay for 5 nights starting on friday.
could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.
no preference, but close to the hotel would be good.
that sounds good. i will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool. i'd like to leave the pool at 04:30 please.
that's all i need! thank you!
can you suggest any museums?
what do you think is the best museum in the city? just let me know the name, phone number and area of city.
i am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve european food in the cheap price range?
is this a restaurant or a bar?
sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around 19:45 please.
can you try the same day and number of people at 18:45?
thanks. i would also like to book a taxi between the two places.
i need to arrive by 18:45
thats all i needed, thanks
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'll be leaving from ely on tuesday after 17:45. are there any trains available then?
yes that works. what is the arrival time and price please?
thanks! i'm also looking for a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.
well, price should be in the moderate but i do want a 4 star hotel.
that's fine, can you book one?
yeah, that will be fine. it will need to be on the same day for 3 nights and 3 people.
that was all i needed.
hi, i'm looking for some information about places to go in cambridge.
i would like to see architecture and need the area, address and entrance fee.
great. let me get the address and entrance fee please. i see it's in the centre.
i'm looking for someplace in the center to stay as well
anything with a 0 star rating? i want a super trashy place
does it have free parking?
okay, let me book el shaddai for 5 night starting sunday for 4 people.
yes, could you book a taxi for me too?
i will need to leave the attraction by 14:00.
great thank you! that will be all!
i'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge on sunday.
i'll be traveling from norwich, and i'd really like to arrive in cambridge by 14:00 so i can be on time for my appointment.
that train would be find i need to get the train id and price please.
i'm also looking for a place to stay.
yes and i need a confirmation number
3 nights for 2 people,can you book it for me ?
tuesday of next week in the pm
no, that's all today. thank you.
hello, i'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations.
is this located in the south? i would like portuguese food please.
yes please for 2 people at 18:30 on a wednesday.
great! thank you for all your help.
yes, i'd also like information about a train. i will be travelling on wednesday.
i'm traveling from norwich.
i'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by 11:00.
ok. thanks. that is all.
hello, i'm planning a trip to cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "royal standard". can you get me the information for that restaurant please?
what is the food type and price range?
no thank you. i'm also looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
i'm not sure yet. i'll take a place with free wifi.
i don't have a location preference but can you give me the phone number, postal code and price range?
ok. i will take it.
no thanks. is there another with free wifi?
alright, thanks for the information. that was all i needed for today.
can you help me find a train leaving tuesday from norwich? thanks.
i want to leave after 20:15.
i would like to making a booking for one please.
can you help with info on places to stay?
i would like a really nice place because i'm celebrating my 10 year anniversary. something cozy and romantic.
price is no concern for me. i need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on tuesday please.
i don't need a specific area. what do you recommend?
does it have free wifi?
yes please. i'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so i need a room for 1 starting tuesday for 4 nights.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town
yes, i prefer italian. i really like pizza.
well let's change that to mexican and i need a reservation for 2 people at 16:30 on sunday.
ok, thank you.
yeah, i'm also looking for a hotel called the allenbell.
are you sure? i was literally there 3 weeks ago...
why is it not? it is there please look again.
yes, i need reservations for the same group of people on the same day as the previous reservation. we will be staying 4 nights.
2 people on monday is what i would like.
thank you, that is all that i need.
yeah, what can you tell me about archway house?
i need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.
i would like to travel on friday.
thanks! i would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday
before booking i need to make sure that train meets my needs. may i please get the arrival time of that train and the price?
okay, thanks so much...that's all i need! have a great day!
i'd like to know of interesting places to go situated in the centre of cambridge.
i would like to find an indian food restaurant
you're right, we should an attraction first. i'm pretty open to anything as long as its located in the centre.
i don't have one. how about you pick your favorite attraction and give me the entrance fee, type and phone number.
looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4.
i really need a hotel and not a guest house are there any in the area?
sure, can i just get their phone number?
thank you. i don't need anything else from you today. bye, have a good one!
hi, i am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room. can you recommend one for me?
don't care. but i'd like a place that's moderately priced and offers free wifi.
great, let's book that one. please send me the address, postcode and reference number.
5 people starting on sunday.
5 nights, please.
yes i also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to ely.
east london. thanks
sure. please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number.
that is all i need, good bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. can you help me?
yes i would like to eat italian food.
no, please give me their postcode instead
i am also interested in finding out information about local colleges. do you recommend any to visit?
yes please. i would like their postcode, phone number, and address.
i would like to book a taxi now please. i need to leave the restaurant by 12:30. are there any available?
between the restaurant and the hotel.
i'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. i want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 12:30.
no, that's all i needed. thank you for your help. have a great day.
i need a hotel with free wifi but i don't need free parking.
i'm looking for one that is moderately priced and don't have a preference on where exactly it is.
is it available for 4 nights starting from sunday for 6 people?
could you try the same one, three nights only?
thank you, i also need a place to eat in the centre of town.
i'm looking for indian food, please.
no, price does not matter. right now i'd just like a recommendation.
let's go with that. what's the address?
i'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. i need to leave the hotel by 09:15 please.
great! thank you for your help.
no that is all. again thank you.
thank you for your help goodbye
i need a train on monday.
i would like to arrive by 8:30 in cambridge.
oh, sorry. departing from broxbourne.
is the travel time and price the same for both of them?
okay... i'll keep that in mind. oh, i also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving indian food.
no preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the east part of town.
yes please, for 3 people at 17:30.
same day, monday.
perfect, that's all i needed. thanks for your help.have a great day.
can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?
how about one that has a 4 star rating and is expensive?
what about something in the moderate price range, instead?
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
i want a guesthouse.
yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from saturday.
great, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.
i would like a place that is fun and serves drinks.
actually, is there a swimming pool around?
it should be in the south
what options are available
i would prefer the south please.
if there are no swimming pools in the south, then i would consider a cinema in the south of town.
yes, may i please have their address and phone number.
i also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:45. please provide the contact number and car type.
i'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. i need to leave by 22:45.
thank you so much. that is all that i need at this time. goodbye!
hi, i'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called galleria.
yes, please. i'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on sunday.
thank you that will be all. have a great day.
i would also like to find a museum.
how about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it
please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from byard art and take me to galleria by 18:30. provide car type and contact number too.
great thank you so much for all the help!
that's all i needed. thanks for all your help.
i want to sight see in cambridge and want to see architectural stuff
what area is all saints church located? is there an entrance fee?
thanks! i've also heard about a little place in town called autumn house. what can you tell me about it?
can you book a room for me?
yes thursday and at 17:50.
it'll be for 7 people, 2 nights, starting saturday.
what is the reference number for that booking?
that will be all. thanks for your help.
i'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town. specifically i am interested in multiple sports attractions. can i get more information?
can you look for a college?
that sounds great, could you give me their address, phone and postcode please?
okay, i'm also looking for a place to dine. i'd like to eat italian food in the same area as the attraction please.
no, there is no specific price range. i need to book a table for 8 people at 13:15 on thursday.
sounds great! can you please book me a table for 8 on thursday at 13:15. thanks
thank you. can you also book me a taxi to take me from emmanuel college to get me to the stazione restaurant by 13:15 please?
great. thank you!
i am looking fot a hotel, allenbell.
yes well i would like to book it for 3 nights staring from wednesday for 4 people.
yes please try another hotel in the same price range.
no, that's all i needed. have a nice day.
is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? thankyou.
can you help me find a train to london liverpool street?
that works. i just need one ticket.
yes i need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, i hate dirty hotels, don't you?
i am interested in staying in the south.
i have no preference. i need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.
yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.
just 1 will be staying there. i do need the reference number.
ok thank you that is all i needed.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern european food.
i'd like a restaurant on the south end of town, please.
that sounds good, can i book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on wednesday?
no, that is all i need. thank you for your help!
i need a place for a modern european food. moderate range ought to do it. thank you.
yes, i need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on wednesday can you help me with that?
thank you. i also need a train to go to london kings cross on saturday.
i want the train to arrive by 10:15. just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. then send me a reference number to confirm
yes it's from cambridge. please make the booking and give me the reference number.
no that's all i needed for today. thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
i would like eritrean, please.
how about turkish?
sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on monday.
i also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 11:00
i am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.
yes please book the train for eight people.
nope that's it. thank you.
i want to find an expensive restaurant located in cambridge centre.
i am in the mood for chinese food, please.
perfect. i need a table for 1 at 19:45 on thursday.
great that is all i need. thanks.
will do! thank you, hope you have an amazing day as well.
i am looking for great saint mary's church in cambridge
i could like to know what kind of attraction type it is, its area and phone number
okay, i'm also looking for a place to say. needs to be a guesthouse with free wifi.
yes the north area please.
i would prefer a 4 star. can you recommend one and give me their price range?
i do need parking.
any price range will work, whatever you recommend. i need a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. just let me know the price range and of the have free parking.
sorry! do you have any 4-star guest houses available? i don't care about the price range, i just need to know what it is.
do you have any in the north?
thank you, i'll take the moderate price that is 4 stars.
that would be fine. do they offer free parking?
is free wifi offered here?
you've given me all the information i need today. thank you.
i am looking to eat at rajmahal.
can i get their phone number and postcode so i can pay them a visit. it sounds like a great place to dine.
nope, that was all that i needed to know, thank you.
hi. can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant?
i was thinking somewhere in the centre of town.
ok, that sounds good, i need to book a table at 18:00 on tuesday for 6 people, please.
can you also find me a train that goes to peterborough on wednesday? i need to arrive by 10:45.
which train arrives closest to 10:45? i don't want to wait around too long after i arrive.
departure from cambridge.
thank you, that was all i needed today. goodbye.
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. can you help me?
no. but i would like a cheap guesthouse.
yes, can you book it please?
i would like to check in on thursday and stay for 3 nights. i need to book a room for 6 people.
may i have the reference number for that booking?
yes please, can you help me me find an italian restaurant in the west that is cheap?
yes, i need a table for 6 on thursday. we'd like it at 14:15, please
great. i also will need a taxi.
i will need picked up from the hotel and go to the restaurant.
thank you may i have the contact number and car type please.
that'll aboutdo it, thanks a bunch.
i'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.
wednesday leaving after 21:00 please.
for three people please. and can you give me the reference number?
i would like to book a cheap hotel in the south area.
yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at rosa's bed and breakfast and find me the cheapest rate.
i will be there for 3 nights.
i would like it for wednesday
yes please, that would be great.
thank you! yes, what is the star of the hotel please?
get me the address of the hotel and phone number
thanks a lot, that is enough for today
how about a turkish restaurant?
moderate price range please
are there any other turkish restaurants in that price range?
that sounds lovely. may i have the address and phone number, please?
thank you, goodbye.
i wanted to travel to kings lynn. do you have a train leaving on monday?
i would like to arrive by 11:00 if possible please.
that would work can i get 7 tickets please?
any will be fine with me.
i also need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.
it should be in the moderate price range. does that help?
that sounds great! can you please book it for me starting on thursday? i will need the reference number please.
i am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
no preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 4 stars.
what area is acorn guest house in?
no i don't need a reservation but i would like to get the area they are in, postcode and address please. i am also looking for the attraction camboats?
i just need the entrance fee, please.
oh, that's too bad. i guess that's all i need then.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a guesthouse.
not sure. i'm strapped for cash, is it in the cheap price range?
can you book one of them for 3 people?
i would like to check in on tuesday.
for 5 nights please.
yes i am looking at a train that departs stansted airport for 3 people. leaves tuesday and arrives in cambridge by 16:30.
yes, that would be great. i'll need three tickets, please?
were you able to book it?
i need to find an indian restaurant.
actually, i just needed the tickets. that is all for now. thanks.
i am in cambridge and would like to try the restaurant city stop restaurant.
could you? that would be great. i would love a table for 7 on saturday at 17:45 please.
thanks. i also want to find a college in the center to visit.
yes please. could you make sure i get the postcode?
thank you, that is all that i needed. have a great day!
i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
i would prefer if the guesthouse was in the cheap price range.
that will work. i want to make a reservation for 1 person. it will need to be for 3 nights starting from wednesday.
no thank you!
can you check if a 2 night reservation fits in anywhere?
are there any attractions in the centre part of town?
which is your favorite? give me their address, phone number, and entrance fee, and i'll check it out.
that sounds wonderful. can you book me a taxi from alexander to all saints church? i need to leave the hotel by 1:45.
no. that all looks great. thanks!
okay. thanks again. you, too. goodbye!
okay...thanks! that's all i need.
hello. i'd like to find a hotel to stay in for the weekend. i'd like one with restaurants and entertainment within walking distance.
i would like to find a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
yes i need it for 3 people for 2 night starting monday and i need the reference number
find a restaurant in the centre that's the same price range as the hotel, please.
i'd like italian food, please.
yes, for the same group of people on monday at 17:15, please.
no, thank you for your help.
yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
i'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. i'd like free parking too.
i would prefer to stay in the west.
yes, i'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking
no thats all i need thank you
could you find me a train leaving on tuesday going to london kings cross?
thanks! whenever i depart is fine, as long as i arrive at london kings cross by 8:30!
i don't need a ticket today, but could you tell me the price?
thank you. that is all that i need.
you too. thank you.
i'm looking for a hotel called the autumn house, can you give me some information about it?
what is the price range?
i will think about it. is there anyway you can book me a train?
i'm going to stevenage from cambridge.
i want to leave cambridge on tuesday, after 21:30.
i don't need a booking just now, thank you. in fact, that's everything i needed today.
no, there is nothing else. thank you, have a great day!
i'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to cambridge.
i would like to stay in the north i have a moderate price range.
yes, i would like something with a 4 star rating, and i would like for it to be a guesthouse.
can you book a room as well?
i would like it for 3 people and 3 nights starting on monday please.
yes, i was looking for a particular attraction, saint catharine's college. what area is it located in?
ok, can you give me the phone number and address please?
no that's all, thanks!
i am looking for a reasonably priced pizza place. can you help?
that sounds nice. can you please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on friday?
great! thank you so much!
i'm also looking for a train.
i need to be in cambridge by 10:15 on friday.
friday. i do not have a leaving from time. i just want to be there by 10:15.
i'll be leaving from bishops stortford
yes please. 2 tickets
thank you. goodbye.
i am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town.
yes, please. what is its phone number and price range?
thank you good bye.
good evening, i guess i am in charge of the planning the trip to cambridge. i am looking for some places to go when we arrive.
we will be mainly in the west part of town. are there any nightclubs around that area?
how about a college instead?
excellent. can i get the entrance fee and postcode of one of them?
i would also like to find a room in the west of town.
it doesn't matter, whatever is available is fine.
does it have free parking and wifi?
can you book that starting for thursday?
sure, 1 night and 5 people.
no that is all thank you for all your help. have a great day.
i would like to get information on the bridge guest house.
thanks! i will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from monday.
no, that's all for me today. goodbye!
hello, what can you tell me about de luca cucina and bar?
yes, i need it booked for 7 people on tuesday at 19:30.
thank you so much. and yes, i also need to find a train to bishops stortford, please. i will be leaving from cambridge on tuesday.
i want it to arrive by 16:00.
yes please book tickets on that train for 7 people and send me the reference number
thank you thats all i need for now.
i would like to find a pool that i can visit.
i am not. can you please give the phone number and entrance fee for one of them?
just give me the phone number for the first one on your list, and can you confirm if that one has an entrance fee please.
ok, i also need a place to stay and i don't care about free parking, but can it be moderately priced?
i want to stay on the east side of town and i'm looking for a guesthouse type hotel.
what is this hotel's phone number?
yes, can you book me at the guesthouse for 8 people?
what trains arrive in cambridge by 10:30?
i am traveling from kings lynn on sunday.
i don't have a departure time. i just need to be in cambridge by 10:30.
please book for 5 people, i will also need the reference number.
i am also looking for a moderately priced italian food restaurant.
great can i just get their address?
no, the address is fine. thank you very much for your help!
no, that'll be all. thank you, again.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves turkish food
could i have the address for the anatolia?
thank you, goodbye.
i'd like to visit a museum. what do you have in town within walking distance?
any area is fine.
sounds good . please get me their phone number , postcode and area.
thank you. i also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the expensive price range.
i need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from sunday.
i'm sorry, starting from sunday for 2 nights, 6 people. if that fails try one night and provide the reference number.
thank you. now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? i'd like to leave the hotel by 8:45
great, thanks so much for all of your help today. that is everything. bye.
i need a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
does it include free wifi and parking?
great! book for 1 people starting on thursday for 4 nights. thanks.
another hotel will be fine as long as it's in the same price range. thank you.
hello. i am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.
i want a hotel and not a guesthouse. it should also be on the west side of town with a 4 star rating. can you help?
book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from friday
no, that's all i needed! thank you for your help, have a good night!
oh i'm sorry. i'm also looking for places to go. some type of multiple sports in the city center. anything will do.
can we first find a college in the same area instead
whatever you recommend will work. i just need the phone number, post code and address.
that's it. thank you so much for everything.
thank you very much!
have a great day
can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range?
no it needs to be a hotel that includes wifi
does one have free parking?
actually, a guest room will be fine. as long as it is a 3 star moderate. i'd like both free wifi and free parking.
i need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 2 nights on friday. i need a reference number too please
yes, book it please.
yes a hotel in the same price range.
no. that is it. thanks so much for your help!
i'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45
i will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.
that sounds great. i will need 7 tickets please!
i also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.
how many stars does it have? i want a 0 star hotel.
yes, i'd lie to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday. may i have the reference number please?
that's all i need. thanks for your assistance!
hello, i am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.
um, i don't see any sort of list. could you recommend something?
i would like indian food.
yes. book that one for 3 people on friday at 18:45.
i'm also looking for someplace to go in the same area as the restaurant. can you help with that?
old churches would be nice thank you
great. can i get the address and entry fee?
that is all i need today, thank you.
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food.
yes. an expensive thai restaurant would be good.
great, can you please give me its address and phone number?
what is the postcode?
thank you good bye.
yes. i need a hotel with free parking. i would like it in the moderate price range.
yes, i am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.
no i don't care about the area, but i do want a hotel and not a guest house.
that sounds good, can you also provide me with the star rating for it? thanks
great! i'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. any suggestions for something fun?
that sounds interesting! may i have their phone number please? and what is the fee to get in?
i will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the ashley hotel and broughton house.
thank you for correcting that. can you book a taxi for me? i'd like to go from the broughton house to the hotel, and leave by 5:30.
thank you! i have everything i need now.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in cheap range.
sure! this is exactly what i need!
what do you mean. would you like me to book it?
greetings, i am looking for a museum to visit on the west side of town.
can i get the postcode for that museum please?
i'm also looking for a train that goes to birmingham new street and leaves on saturday
i am departing from cambridge and would like to be in birmingham new street by 20:45 at the latest.
a later train would be better, what trains arrive around 20:00?
what is the departure time for the one arriving at 20:44?
that won't be necessary. thank you for your help that is all i need today.
hi i am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range.
i am not particular about the area. it is all right if the hotel doesn't have free parking.
i actually don't want free parking. is there a hotel that doesn't have free parking?
i need 3 rooms for nights in a cheap hotel
i'm actually looking for an expensive north african restaurant.
what about chinese food?
no. just pick one. i need a table for 4 at 16:30 on thursday. i need the reference number. also, i need a museum in the centre.
yes, thanks. i am looking for a museum in the centre of town. what would you recommend?
no is there one you could recommend?
i'd like to get some additional information on this museum. may i have the phone number and postcode, please?
i would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.
i want it to go to my restaurant by 16:30
no. thanks. all set.
i am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 12:15.
does that train leave from cambridge? i need something on sunday.
yes, i would need a booking for 3 people.
thank you! i'm also looking for a cheap hotel. it does not need to have free parking.
yes i would like to stay on the east side of town.
yes, is there one that has free parking?
yes book the autumn house for 3 people for 5 nights starting sunday.
no, that's all. thank you!
that was great service, good day to you.
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of cambridge.
how about chinese food?
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on tuesday at the hakka
i am looking for a hotel in the same area that has free parking.
do they have free wifi?
yes please. i want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 6 people. give me the reference number too.
i will need a taxi to get to the restaurant.
that is all, thank you for your help.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
i'd like to try indian cuisine. i a table for three at 15:45 on monday.
yes, let's try for 14:45 instead.
no, that was all i needed right now. thank you, goodbye.
can you give me more information about shopping?
i will be in the west part of town, but i think i am more interested in college visits if you could help me with that.
sure, what's the postcode for that college?
thanks! i'm also looking for somewhere to stay. any hotels? maybe around a 3 star, and i need wifi.
can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? i'd like a room for 2 nights on sunday, for two people.
actually, i wanted a 3 star hotel with wifi, not parking. can you check again?
hmm can you check one more time, it should really be a hotel.
no the area doesn't matter as much, please provide me with the reference number.
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
i need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 3 in the west.
no, the location does not matter.
im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
i am looking for the east part of town, serving austrian food.
how about chinese food on the east part of town?
yes, i would like their address, phone number and postcode, please.
that's all i'm looking for. thank you for the information.
i'd like a train leaving cambridge after 09:30, please.
i am going to norwich on tuesday
actually, no i will book it later but can i please get the price of the ticket and the travel time?
fantastic. where could i stay that has 0 stars?
is it in the moderate price range ? and in centre of town .
that won't be necessary, i will just need their address and phone number please.
thanks so much. that's all i needed today.
looking for a cheap restaurant.
do you have brazilian or portuguese?
what is the address?
i need a place to dine during my trip. it needs to be in the east and serve northern european food.
can you see if there's any indian restaurant?
yes. please book us a spot for 7 people on thursday at 13:00.
i also need a train on thursday. london liverpool to cambridge.
actually i want to arrive before 10:45 if possible.
yes, i would like that for 7 people as well.
great thank you for all your help today.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. can you help me?
no, i'd really like cheap christmas food. how about in a different area?
what about a place serving portuguese food?
yes, could i get the postcode?
yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?
yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.
i need to book for friday for 5 nights.
there will be 7 of us.
i also want to book a taxi to leave rosa's bed and breakfast by 15:45. i would like the contact number and car type.
thanks you have been great!
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. can you help?
yes, i need internet and free parking.
yes, i would like to be in the north. oh and i would like to be in the expensive price range.
no i will figure something out
i lied. i don't need free internet and parking.
i need an expensive hotel in the north
a moderate price range. i need 2 nights beginning monday and the reference number. also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.
i prefer a guesthouse please. i only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.
yes, please. i would also like the reference number.
i want to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.
i need it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking.
ok, how about something in the moderate price range?
yes they must have a 4 star rating with free parking. do any of the guesthouse matches have that?
that will be fine. please provide the phone number and address.
i don't need to book at this time. i just need the phone number, address, and postcode, please.
thanks very much for your help, that's everything i needed.
i need a hotel on the north side with free parking.
i'd prefer a moderate price guesthouse.
that sounds fine. would you make a reservation for 4 people, 3 nights starting monday?
no, that about covers it. thanks for your help today.
yes i am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves indian food
i will want it for five, on thrusday, 15:15
thank you! i also need info on a train. it should leave on friday after 12:45.
i'm going to peterborough.
yes, and please let me know the expense and travel time.
actually, i don't need tickets just yet. i'm all set here. thanks for all your help - goodbye!
i need to find an expensive british place to dine.
6 british restaurants, wow! i need a table for 2 at 12:00 on wednesday. no particular area
could you please provide me with the reference number for the reservation?
i need a train too. i will be leaving from london liverpool street, can you help with that?
i'm heading to cambridge, i would like to make it to london liverpool street by 8:00 if possible.
what is the ticket price?
yes, i require the booking, as well as the reference number emailed or faxed to me.
i don't think i want to book it just yet, i am still getting a head count.
that was all that i needed thanks.
i look forward to my visit. thanks, again.
i want to find a place that serves halal food. can you help me? not too expensive, please.
how about european food instead?
that sounds good. may i have their address and postcode, please?
thank you goodbye.
do you know an indian restaurants in east cambridge?
price does not matter.
i forgot to mention i'm looking for something in the east area. if curry prince is in the east i'll just need the phone number please.
i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge.
i will be traveling on friday.
i need to arrive after 14:30.
my destination is stevenage.
yes please. book it for 5 people
that's great thank you.
that is all i need.
can you get me information on a placed called williams art and antiques?
i would like to find a place called williams art and antiques.
what is the address?
thank you. can you also tell me about a restaurant called riverside brasserie?
i would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on sunday
thank you. i'll also need a taxi to go from williams art and antiques to the restaurant. i need to be there by 14:30.
thank you, goodbye, have a nice day
hello, i am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.
yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?
thank you, i am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?
okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?
i'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college
i want to leave the college by 17:45.
thanks so much for all of your help today. i won't be needing anything else. bye.
hello, i'm looking for a guesthouse in the north of town.
i need an expensive one.
how about one in the moderate price range?
were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? i need to book one for 4 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.
is there one in the moderate range then?
nothing else, book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
i'm going to need a ride to bishops stortford. is there a train i could get on, around say... 10:30?
yes, i would like a train for friday departing from cambridge, please.
not right now, but can you tell me the per person fare?
i should have asked before...what is the travel time? the duration?
thank you, that should be all today.
i am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced austrian food.
oh, that's okay. how about a restaurant that serves turkish food?
that sounds good, can you reserve for me?
for tuesday please.
actually, can i change that to friday. i would need a reservation that day for 7 people at 18:00.
do you know of any colleges in the city centre?
yes, please and if i can also get their the entrance fee.
i choose corpus christi. may i have their phone number, please?
that is all i needed.
hello, i would like to find the el shaddai hotel. can you help me?
can i book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday please?
nope, that'll do it. thanks for your help!
hi i'm looking to stay at a place with a 3 star rating that has free parking
i would like a hotel.
yes that would be just fine.
there are 8 of us, staying 5 nights, beginning on saturday.
i'll will need the reference number please.
please help me find a restaurant that serves italian food located in the centre. thanks.
i will need to have one that is cheap.
yes i need a reservation for tuesday please.
i need a reservation for 6 people at 16:00 for this restaurant. please provide the reference number for the booking as well.
yes, i am also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge.
i want to arrive by 9:15, leaving on tuesday.
that will work. i need the departure time and the price of a ticket.
thank you. that is all i need. goodbye.
i need to book a train to cambridge
i am looking for a train that leaves norwich on friday and arrives in cambridge by 14:30.
thank you. that is all i needed today.
actually, i'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south with free parking.
no i dont need to book it now. just let me know their address and phone number please.
that's all, thank you a lot.
i'm looking for a restaurant that is high end chinese.
yes, i'd like it to be in the south.
which one would you recommend? i don't need a reservation, just the address and phone number.
great i also am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the south part of town too.
i would like it to be in the expensive price range.
do they also have internet available?
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
have a great day too. goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant to dine in during my visit to cambridge.
i would prefer something in the centre area, that has a moderate price range, and serves afghan food.
are there any restaurants in the cenre that serve turkish food?
i'm not ready for a reservation, but can i get the address for anatolia?
i'm sorry i also need the post code.
i'm also looking for somwehere to stay, is there anything with a star of 0?
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food.
do any of them have an opening for 5 people friday night at 17:30?
is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range?
i need help finding a train. can you do that?
i would like to leave liverpool street on tuesday and arrive in cambridge.
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 08:45.
yes, i'll need 7 tickets.
yes please tyhat you for all your help
i also need a place to stay. 2 star is my preference.
in the west part of town. the price doesn't matter.
do you have one with a star of 4?
try either one of the cheap ones, i need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on tuesday.
no, thank you. that will be all.
thank you for your help.
i'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves british food, are there any in town?
no, but i need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on monday.
where are some places to go on the east side of town?
actually, i would like you to make a recommendation for me.
what's the attraction type? i need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.
okay, i think i'd like to do the caamboats.
okay, i think that's all i need. thanks for the help!
yes, i am searching for a hotel named the aylesbray lodge guest house?
yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from thursday.
yes please. i want to stay around the moderate price range though!
that will be all. thank you for your help.
hi, are there any fusion restaurants on the westside?
let's try for vietnamese food instead in that same area.
yes that is fine please make reservations for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday.
yes for 3 people at 18:15 on a wednesday.
thank you. can you tell me a little about castle galleries?
what kind of attraction is it?
yes please. get me their phone number
thank you for the information.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves seafood. can you help?
yes please, do you know how much it costs?
i would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. what other options do i have?
how about one that serves modern european.
yeah, i need reservations for 6
i'd like them for friday at 18:15, please. table for 6.
of course i'd like the reference number.
thank you that will be all
i'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of cambridge and it needs to have a moderate price.
either place and it doesn't matter if it has free parking or not.
the star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 4 nights, checking in saturday. i need a reference number please.
yes, i am also looking for a restaurant called curry king.
yes. please make a reservation for two people at 16:00 and i would like the reference number.
no, that should be it. thank you.
i need a hotel in the north that also has free parking.
do either of those have a 2-star rating?
can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on thursday, i have no preference for which one.
well, i'll have to see if i can shorten my stay then. can you try for just 1 night?
great. can i have the reference number please?
great, that's all i need. thank you for your help.
can you help me find restaurant one seven?
that would be great. can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on friday?
yes please, can i have the number?
thanks. that's everything for today.
thank you. goodbye.
could you help me with some information please? i am looking for a place to stay.
no. it should free packing and located in the west
the star rating doesn't matter, thanks
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital.
okay. also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves european food.
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range
yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 14:00
great. i also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.
picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.
thank you for your help.
no that is it. thank you.
hi! i'm looking for some entertainment in town, no particular type, i just want to get out!
sounds great! is there an entrance fee?
no, but you could tell me the area.
great, thanks. can you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for one that is cheap and in the east. any cuisine.
great can i book that for 8 people at 11:00 on saturday?
yes, can you try for 10:00 instead? i will need a reference number as well.
can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to the missing sock in time for my reservation?
no, thank you. have a great day!
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.
is the express by holiday inn cheap? and have a star of 4?
hm, i would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.
i just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?
sounds great. could i also get info on a train for monday?
it should depart cambridge to peterborough. i need to be there by 21:30. i need reservations for 8. can i get a reference number please?
thanks for all of your help today. that is all i need. bye.
hi, i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city.
let's try the portuguese restaurant. i need a reservation for monday at 14:30 for 3 people please.
do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range?
i am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town.
either is fine. can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights? we'll arrive on friday.
that sounds great. thanks.
no, that is all. thanks for the help. bye.
are there any trains going to cambridge from kings cross?
my departure day is monday at 15:45.
yes, please. can i get the travel time and departure time first?
oh, no, i see that train will not work for me. i need to arrive by 15:45, not depart by it. i'm sorry. could you find me another?
yes, that would work better. can you tell me how long the travel time is?
wonderful, thanks. i am also looking for a place to stay in the north. i'd like free wifi as well.
yes, i am looking for a 4 star hotel that includes free parking and wifi.
could i get the phone number and address please?
okay great. that is all i need now.
i'm looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive.
please try one that serves turkish food.
can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on monday?
yes, can i please get the reference number?
no, thanks for your help. bye.
i'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the centre.
what about something in the expensive price range?
ok, how about an expensive italian restaurant around the centre?
yes. i'd also like their phone number please.
that's all the info i need on the pizzeria. i also need a train to leave after 20:15 and depart from stansted airport.
actually i need a train on sunday, please.
what is the arrival time in cambridge?
what is the name of the stop where i need to get off for the restaurant?
should i book this train for you?
i will just need the arrival time please.
please book that train for me.
that's actually all i need this afternoon. thank you very much.
i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
i don't care about that. i do want a place with a 4-star rating.
that sounds good as long as it's got parking. can you get me the address?
sounds great. thanks for your help, that is all i need. bye.
i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. what is the address and phone number?
any kind. i don't care. also give me the phone number and address .
thank you, goodbye.
i'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.
my price range is moderate.
north area please.
no, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on tuesday, if possible.
yes, i need a booking for this tuesday please.
i would also like some italian food in the area.
i would like to be able to leave the restaurant by 13:00, can you book a table that allows us the time needed to eat. i also need the address for the restaurant.
a reservation isn't necessary. instead, please find me a taxi to get me there.
i want to leave the restaurant by 13:00 to go back to the hotel.
thanks for all your help. that's all i needed today. goodbye!
hello! can you please give me information about ruskin gallery?
could you provide me with the phone number?
also looking for a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the moderate price range.
is it located in the centre?
yes for 5 people at 16:00 on friday.
great. thank you so much for booking that.
that is all i need. thank you for your help. good bye.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i need a place to stay in the west
in the west. a cheap hotel with free parking.
just the postal code please?
thanks! i also need help finding a train.
i'm leaving from norwich. i'll need to arrive at cambridge on monday by 08:15.
grab me 8 tickets please and i need the conf # too
great, thank you.
thank you, thats all i need today
have a good day.
i need to find a train into cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.
i will be leaving the stansted airport on thursday.
book it for 3 people.
i need to find a place to stay as well. can you help?
i am looking to find a guesthouse in the centre of town.
are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are expensive?
how about one that is in the type of hotel?
are there any guesthouses in another area close by?
are there any 4 star guesthouses in cambridge?
i do not want to stay in a guesthouse. i want to stay in a hotel please.
i'm sorry. the guesthouse would be my preference. it should be 4 star rated and in the town center. what's available that meets those specifications?
is there a possibly a hotel instead then?
do they have free parking?
no, but can you give me the post code, please?
nope, that's it, thanks for your help!
i need a place to stay with free wifi.
i don't care about what part of town it is in, but i would like a 3 star guesthouse.
how expensive is it ? and is there any nearby attractions ?
can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday?
no, you've been very helpful. that's all i needed. thank you very much.
actually, i'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
i need to book a table for the same group of people at 20:00 the same day. i need the reference number as well.
yeah, i'd like a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. please tell me the car type and contact number.
yes, that's everything for me. thanks for helping, goodbye
i need a moderately prices two start hotel in the north with wifi. can you help?
no. i just misspoke. i'm looking for a moderately priced spanish restaurant.
i would like a table on sunday.
yes. i need the reference number and would like to know of some places to visit in the same area.
12:15 on sunday for 2 people.
i don't need an attraction. i am done for now. thank you.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i'm looking for a train to arrive by 21:45 on wednesday.
it would be from broxbourne to cambridge, i will need to book that for two people.
i also need a place in the centre that serves indian food.
can you book a table for us at curry garden at 13:45?
book a table for the same group of people at 13:45 on the same day.
that will be all. thank you.
thanks. goodbye now!
i am looking for a saturday train departure from cambridge
i'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after 21:15.
yes please book the train for 23:29.
i don't need a booking, but can you tell me the train id, travel time, and arrival time of that train?
no, but i need to find a restaurant. it should serve vietnamese food and it should be in the north.
how about a chinese restaurant. ideally expensive.
i'd like to reserve a table for 3 at the hotpot for 10:00 saturday. i'll need a reference number as well.
that'll be everything. thank you!
is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town?
what is the address?
what is the phone number and price range?
no, that's all the information i needed. thank you. good bye.
i am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
i'm not picky, i'm totally open to suggestions. can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?
i'm also looking for a hotel. i want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.
sure, how about something cheap?
anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.
yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. i also would like a taxi.
yes i need a taxi to leave the club salsa by 17:30 heading back to the hotel.
that's great! that's all i need. thanks.
i need a restaurant that serves turkish food.
i do not have a preference.
what is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range?
what is the address and price range?
what is the food type they are good at ?
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
i don't have a preference.
what is the address?
no, thank you. that is all i wanted to know. good bye.
find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.
i would like a restaurant that serves chinese food.
no, i'm just interested in the address and phone number right now.
hi. i'm trying to find a restaurant that serves danish food.
how about thai?
i don't care.
centre please
yes, i will need their address and phone number.
thank you very much!
thank you goodbye.
i am looking for the restaurant nandos.
anywhere, i would just like it to be nandos. i would like to book a table.
4 people, friday, 15:45. but 14:45 is also okay. please give me the reference number.
no, i think that covers it. thanks so much for your help!
i am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the centre area.
i think a nightclub would be interesting. do you have a favorite?
okay, great. do you have a phone number for the nightclub?
i'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town?
i think indian food sounds good, please provide me with their phone number.
same area is fine, any type of place will work, ill go with what you recommend.
sure, any kind of food that is moderately priced and in the same area would be great.
i just want their phone number please
thank you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at 18:45?
i need to go to the soul tree nightclub.
what is the contact number?
that is all, thank you, have a great weekend.
i want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. what is the phone number?
i don't care. give me their phone number.
yes give me the phone number.
awesome, thank you! goodbye!
hello, can you recommend any theatres in the centre of town, please?
you don't have what it costs to get in? i need the entrance fee if you would please
i also need a place to stay with free parking but internet isn't needed.
thank you! i don't care about the price range, but i would like to stay in the east part of town, please.
sorry, my wife just said that we won't stay in a hotel with any less than 4 stars, do you have something that meets that criteria?
is it in the east part of town
yes for 7 for 5 nights starting saturday, and i need the reference number too please
excellent, thank you for your help today! that will be all.
i need a train from stevenage to cambridge
i need to leave on saturday and arrive by 18:30
yes please get me 5 tickets for that
yes, i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
i'd love to have some indian food.
yes, please! can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day as the train?
thank you very much.
looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range
i don't care about the area of town, but i'd like cuban food.
are there any international restaurants in the moderate range?
can i get the address and postcode, please?
thank you good bye.
i want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.
truly? i'm sorry, i'm just surprised cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. well, i need something moderately priced.
that sounds good i would like to book a room
i will be staying 2 nights.
i will be arriving on friday and i need it for 8 people please.
great. i also need a train from cambridge leaving after 11:15.
going to broxbourne on saturday
that sounds good. yes, please book that. i'll also need a reference number.
i would like 8 tickets for the train please. i also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. is it a 4 star hotel?
ok i need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.
okay, that will be fine.
no thank you. that will be all.
i would like to find somewhere with expensive kosher food.
sure. i also need the restaurant to be in the center.
sure, let's try italian instead.
caffe uno sounds great. can i get their phone number, please?
no, you've been very helpful. thank you! good bye.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
sounds great. what is their phone number?
thank you goodbye.
bye bye.
i'm trying to find a train that leaves on sunday and going to cambridge. can you help?
i'm headed to cambridge.
i will be departing from ely.
i want to leave after 14:45
wait. leaving for london king not ely. i am going to cambridge. i need a train for that.
could i get the price and the travel time for that train?
great! thank you! i'm also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called the varsity restaurant.
thanks for the info! can you please book me a table for 7 people at 18:45 on sunday?
thank you for all your help today. i appreciate it.
i'm looking for an expensive sri lankan restaurant.
how about british food instead?
the side of town isn't important to me, as long as it is on the pricey side.
sure, i want some help finding a restaurant in cambridge, please.
i don't have a specific restaurant in mind. i'm looking for an indian restaurant.
i want an expensive one in the centre.
i need help finding a restaurant please.
i would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town.
yes, i need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday.
no, that is all thanks. good bye.
one in the east part of town
and serves irish style food please
indian food in the east part of town would be good.
it doesn't matter.
may i have the phone number?
what is the address?
thank you goodbye.
good bye
hi i want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town.
one that serves italian food.
yes any one of them would be find. a table for 4 at 13:30 on tuesday please.
no, i really need it for that time and area. maybe the indian restaurant if it is in the same price range?
no thank you that should be all.
i need an inexpensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge.
not really, try kosher food types.
how about one that serves asian oriental food?
i'll try the noodle bar. i'd like to reserve a table as well.
for seven people on wednesday.
i would like the reservation to be at 16:00 please.
great, now i need a train to leave on thursday departing from cambridge going to peterborough, it needs to arrive by 14:30.
i actually don't need to book any tickets. i just need the train id, travel time and departure time please.
thanks. you have been so helpful with the restaurant and train. that's all. goodbye.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
address and phone number, please
ok thank you and good bye
goodbye.
hello. i am looking for a hotel called gonville hotel.
yes, i am looking for a booking for 8 people starting saturday, please.
two nights starting from saturday for 8 people.
i'm looking for a place to stay in the north side of town
the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the north.
can you book it for me?
yes 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please
i am also looking for a museum.
i just want you to recommend one you think is best and then please tell me the entrance fee and area
thanks, i don't need anything else.
hi there. can you tell me if you have any information on the bridge guest house?
yes can i get the hotel type and phone number?
that is all i needed. thank you!
i need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and moderately priced.
centre, please! thanks!
ok that's fine, let's try something in the west then please, i really need a room
yes. that sounds good. can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from monday?
okay, try just 1 night instead.
i am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with english food?
could you try again, english food, moderate priced in the centre of town.
yes, can you list some that serve indian food?
i'd like it in the same price range and area as the hotel, please.
i'll take that for 12:30 on monday for 1 person.
nope! that should do it, thanks!
please help me find a guesthouse to stay in that has free wifi.
i don't care. i want a 5 star rating though.
any are would be fine. can you just check if you have anything that's 5 star rated?
how about one that is a 0 star?
no, it doesn't matter. thank you.
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
thanks. i also need a train departing from cambridge after 11:00.
4 people leaving cambridge and going to london liverpool street on friday, departing after 11:00. please give me the travel and arrival time as well as the price.
thank you and please inform of the travel time and departure time.
okay. thank you for al your help.
i am all set.
are there any swedish restaurants in cambridge?
yes an you search for christmas food?
what about a moderately priced european restaurant? i need a reservation for 3 people at 14:30 on thursday. could you provide the reference number after making the reservation?
i don't have a preference on the area. if you could recommend on that would be great.
sounds like an excellent choice. please proceed with making a reservation. thanks!
i also need a train to leave friday and arrive by 08:15 from bishop stortford by cambridge. can you give me the depart time?
i actually need the train to arrive at bishops stortford, not depart from. so sorry for the confusion.
great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from cambridge to bishops stortford?
alright. that is all i needed. thank you very much.
hi, i need to find out information on trains leaving cambridge and going to broxbourne. can you help me?
i was looking to leave after 11:45 but it seems that it is not possible.
i would like to depart friday.
er, sorry, i actually needed that train on sunday, not friday.
that's all the info i needed on the train, i am also looking for a place to stay with free parking in the north.
i also need free wifi, and i would prefer a hotel if that is possible
yes, can you book 4 nights at the ashley hotel starting on wednesday? that is for 8 people.
how about a 3 day stay instead? please get me the reference number if the booking is successful.
no, that is all i need, thank you!
i'm looking for a particular hotel in cambridge, but i cant remember what its called. can you help me?
actually i am looking for a particular hotel called the hobsons house.
i am wondering where it is located, what type of hotel, and how much it costs, please.
can you help me find a train? i am looking for one that departs from cambridge for leicester. it should arrive by 18:00 and needs to leave on sunday.
no, any one that arrives before 18:00 would be fine.
yes that sounds perfect. i think that's all i need today, thank you very much.
i do not need any tickets booked. thank you for all of your help today. goodbye.
hi, where can i find the autumn house hotel?
not yet but can i get the postcode and address please?
thank you. i also require information on trains going into cambridge next thursday.
bishops stortford, it needs to leave after 12:15
i think so. how long is the travel time for that train?
that is all of the information that i needed. thank you.
hi, i'm looking for a hotel called leverton house.
thank you. please book a reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday.
is there another hotel available in the same price range?
no, i don't care about the area, just the price. recommend me one?
no, you said leverton wasn't available. please just book a different hotel in the same price range as leverton. thanks.
that will be all, thank you.
i would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
what type of food are they. what is their address?
thank you. good bye
i'm looking for a hotel to stay in. it should be located in the centre and should include free parking please.
i need a moderately priced hotel please.
do you have one in the north instead?
that sounds great. can i please get their address?
i also need a train. i'm going to birmingham new street and need to leave on thursday.
i need a train that arrives by 17:00. i will be departing from cambridge.
isn't there anything later in the day?
that sounds great what is the travel time?
that's all! thanks for all the help. goodbye.
hi, can you help me find a train departing from cambridge?
i am going to leicester
i'd like to leave after 20:15.
no, the arrival time does not matter. i need to book 4 tickets.
great! also, i'm looking for the ashley hotel. can you give me their phone number please?
okay. great. that is all i needed.
thank you for your help, have a great day.
i'm looking for a halal restaurant with moderate prices.
what about a different moderately priced restaurant in the east?
yes i would like curry prince.
yes, please. can you book a table on sunday for 5 people at 12:45?
go ahead and try to book it for 11:45 please.
i am also looking for a train leaving peterborough on the same day, can you help with that?
i want to go to cambridge.
i need to arrive by 08:45.
i actually need to arrive by 08:45.
i need to get to cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from peterborough?
okay lets book that train!
i will need tickets for everyone at the dinner reservation. can i also please have a reference number?
no, that's all thank you
where can i eat in the centre for a moderate price?
3 people are dining and i don't care about the food.
i would like to book a table for 3 at 16:45 on friday, please.
just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, yippee noodle bar sounds good. if 16:15 doesn't work, i can change to 15:15.
i need a train that goes from cambridge to leicester and leaves after 11:15 on saturday
that is all, thank you very much.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food
what is the address?
no, thank you
i'm looking for some lodging. are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?
in the west please. also, i'd like it to be expensive.
yes, let's check the south please?
what is the hotel type, phone number and address?
cool, i also need a train
i am going to cambridge from stansted on thursday and arriving by 15:30.
great what is the price and id of the train?
that is all. thank you.
i need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.
i would be interested in a moderately priced indian restaurant on the west side.
no thanks, i'm not sure when exactly i am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance.
yes, i also need to find a place to stay.
i need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.
same price range as the restaurant
does it have free wifi?
does it have free parking?
okay can you give me their phone number?
yes, i need a taxi also.
i would like to leave the restaurant by 14:00.
thanks for all of your help today. goodbye!
i need a place to stay in cambridge. a hotel in moderate price range would do it.
yeah, i'd like to stay in the center of town. oh and i'll need free wifi! thanks.
yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. i'll be staying for 3 nights starting on thursday.
thank you. i also need to find a restaurant near the hotel in the moderate price range.
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
i am looking for an indian restaurant in the west.
the restaurant should be in the expensive price range
hi, i'm going to visit cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves international type fare.
where in cambridge is the missing sock located?
sure but can i also have the phone number as well?
i would like a train that arrives at cambridge at 17:30
no, i don't need a reservation there. i do need a train from cambridge on thursday. i'll be going to norwich, and i need to get there by 17:30.
yes please i would like to book.
i need 3 tickets please.
that is it, thank you very much.
i want the address to the autumn house hotel in cambridge.
please check to see if there any rooms available on sunday for 5 nights. i will need 7 rooms.
thank you can you find me a place to eat too?
never mind on a place to eat. can you help me find info on the cambridge temporary art attraction?
thank you very much.
no that will be all thank you?
hello! i would like to get some italian food, somewhere in the center of town.
no, price doesn't matter.
yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for friday at 11:30?
great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?
can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address?
i also need to book a taxi.
i want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting old schools, please.
that is all that i need.
i need a train from cambridge on tuesday
i'm heading to norwich and need to leave after 11:15 from cambridge
yes, that would be great! i need 7 tickets, please. oh, and the reference number.
yes, as a matter of fact, i also need a place to stay.
is there anything in the south with a star of 4? it doesn't have to have free parking.
could we try the aylesbury house?
actually i need more information on the hotels. does aylesbury house have free parking?
i still need to know if aylesbury house has free parking.
yes, please. i will need their address and what price range it is in.
that's it, you have been very helpful! thank you!
thank you. we will.
you've been extremely helpful. and i hope you have a wonderful day.
i need a list of available trains leaving from cambridge after 2pm.
i actually need to leave from cambridge and go to kings lynn. i also need to travel on wednesday.
what's the soonest arrival time?
so the one that arrives at 14:58 that also leaves at 14:00? because i need it to leave after 14:00.
yes, please. i would also like a place to eat that serves european food, is expensive, and in centre area please.
i would like one of the european ones, please.
i would like the eraina, can i get the reference number please?
i would like to book a table for 8 at 11:45 on wednesday. can i get the reference number as well, please.
thank you for your assistance! i will definitely use this service again. have a good day.
i need a place to stay that has free wifi.
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?
no, i have no preference. just pick one. that will be fine.
can you recommend a place to stay that has free wifi? i need something in the moderate price range.
in the centre, please. also, free parking.
can you see if there's anything in the east?
great. can you give me the phone number and address for the warkworth house? also, is it a guest room?
can i have the address of the hotel?
thank you very much!
nothing thank you, that's all i need. have a nice day!
hello! i am planning my trip to cambridge and need information on places to stay.
i don't have a preference. i would like a room with a 0 star and free parking
i prefer one in the east. how about a 4 star hotel with free parking there instead?
yes that is fine i need the price range as well.
what is the price range of the leverton house?
yes please. i also need a train that leaves after 9:00 on sunday
actually, i apologize no need to book, i was just gathering information. but i do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge.
that works for me.
can you tell me the price of the train ticket, please?
thank you so much, that's all i need.
i hope so. can i call any time?
i need a morrocan food place. are there any around here?
please look for something asian oriental instead.
no it doesn't matter, what do you recommend?
cheap price range is what i neeed
yes, please book a table for 6 people on wednesday at 18:15, please.
that's great, i need a train for the same day, arriving at 11:45 from london kings cross to cambridge.
can i get the ticket price and the departure time please?
i actually don't need a ticket. i just need the departure time and price.
how much does that cost?
not at this time but thank you.
no thank you.
i'd like to find a cheap indonesian restaurant. can you help?
what kind of restaurants are in the west that's cheap?
yes, could you give me more info on the vietnamese restaurant?
could you give me their postcode?
no, that will be fine. i am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 4 stars and free parking. can you help me with that?
how about the west ?
area doesn't actually matter. but if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a cheap one instead
great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
that is all, thank you for your help.
can you help me find a hotel called limehouse and tell me a little about it?
i would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday. i also need the reference number.
yes, i'd also like a train leaving after 14:15 on friday.
i need to go from cambridge to broxbourne.
yes, please. i'll need 7 seats.
no, that is all i needed help with. thank you.
i am looking for a train that should depart norwich and leave on friday.
sure, i'd like to leave for cambridge after 19:00.
that's perfect. can i have the train id, price, and travel time please?
no that's okay. i am looking for a place to stay though, somewhere in the centre and with free parking preferably.
the one with 1 star, please.
are there any 0 star accomidations?
is that a hotel or guesthouse? if a guesthouse i'd like to book for 2 people for 1 night on friday. thank you.
yes book it for me please.
no, i actually wasn't ready to book anyway. thanks so much for your help. i won't be needing anything else. bye.
hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?
i don't care where, i just need it to be 5 stars and include free parking.
yes, i would like to book a four star hotel then.
i'd like to get a little more information first. what is the price range at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
no, i really want to stay at the marriott.
i don't need a reservation yet. i would like the phone number and postcode, though.
are there any swimming pools in town?
i want the abbey pool. what's its postcode?
do they offer free breakfast with their rooms .
can you book a taxi for me? from the pool to the hotel?
i'd like to leave the pool by 4:45.
yes, just one more thing. what's the address of the abbey pool?
thank you. could you book me a taxi from the pool at 4:45 to go back to my hotel?
thanks, that's all i need today. sorry for making you repeat yourself like that! have a great day, goodbye!
i am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn't too high priced.
where is saint johns chop house?
is this in the west part of town and can i get the phone number?
what type of food do they serve? and to clarify, this is moderately priced, correct?
thank you goodbye.
i want a danish restaurant in the south.
how about an italian restaurant in the south?
phone number and postcode
thank you, goodbye.
can you help me find an italian restaurant in the city center?
my price range is expensive.
that's great. can you send me the phone number and postcode for caffe uno?
i am actually looking for an italian place. in the centre.
i'm looking for info on museum of classical archaeology
great! i also need a taxi to get there. i want to leave caffe uno at 12:30. can you give me the contact number & car type for the taxi?
i need to commute between the two places you looked up.
thank you that's all the help i need today.
i am looking for an expensive italian restaurant.
great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on sunday?
how about 10:30 on sunday? and may i have a reference number?
no, that is all. thank you so much for your help.
hi there, can you help me find a good chinese restaurant? i seriously need some egg rolls.
i'd like it to be in the north, and expensive would be best.
lets try hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday?
thank you! i'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.
i'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the centre of town.
i am looking for bistro food.
how about a restaurant serving portuguese food?
may i have the address and phone number of nandos?
thank you
can you help me find an expensive panasian restaurant, please?
are you sure there isn't any in the centre?
can you look for chinese food?
book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.
i also need to train leaving from cambridge on thursday.
my destination is london liverpool street, departing on wednesday from cambridge after 14:15.
no, could you give me the price, arrival time, and overall travel time, please?
thank you for your assistance.
actually, that's all i needed. thank you for the help! goodbye.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves welsh food.
how about korean food?
yes, i would like their address and what part of town they are located in.
thank you, goodbye.
i'd like some information about the el shaddai.
ok, great. can i get their phone number please so that i can contact them?
yes, please and thank you. i'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? i'll be traveling from london king's cross to cambridge.
i will be traveling on saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.
can i check on the arrival time of that train first?
thanks for the information. that's all i need.
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and free parking.
a star of 4 and should be in the cheap range and in the north
yes, please. on tuesday for 3 nights for 8 people.
i think i might be all set.
is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on wednesday?
i'm going from leicester to cambridge.
yes, please book it.
just 1 seat. i'll need the price.
no, that won't be necessary. can you also help me find a place to stay at?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north
yes, i'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.
hi, i am looking for information on a restaurant it's called saffron brasserie.
oh yes! please i need a reservation for 5 people on saturday at 18:00. i need a reference number too.
i am also looking for places to go while in town. do you have a swimming pool?
i'm not particular on the area; is there one near saffron brasserie?
okay that will work, what is the postcode?
great, thank you. can you also help me with getting a taxi from the restaurant to the pool?
i would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at 20:00. can you please give me the contact number and car type of the taxi?
no, that's it. thank you for your service!
i'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on monday.
we are traveling to broxbourne. oh, and we should leave after 21:45 too.
yes please. i need 5 tickets.
thanks so much. can you also look up a hotel for me?
i need you to look up warkworth house for me.
yes please. i need it for 5 people for 5 nights. i want it from wednesday.
would it help if i stayed for only 3 nights instead? i'm flexible.
how about 2 nights ?
how about 3 nights?
what do you show is available?
i am looking for warkworth house only.
yes. for 5 people and 3 nights starting on wednesday.
can you please try to book the room again?
i am unable to get a response when calling that number. can you please try to book again?
thank you. thats all i need for now!
i need a place to stay in the north area.
the hotel should be in a moderate price range.
i would like one with 2 stars and free parking.
please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from friday.
i would also like information on jesus college
thank you for the information. that's what i needed to know.
i will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by 08:45
i need to arrive by 17:00 please.
no, thank you. thank is all. goodbye
a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
is there anything else?
address and phone number please
that's all i need.. thank you and good bye.
hello, i'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the centre.
no problem, are there any college places?
please pick one, and tell me the entrance fee and post code.
i also need a moderate place to stay, with free parking.
i am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 4 star rating.
does it have free wifi at least?
book it! need 3 people for 5 nights starting friday. thank you.
awesome! thanks for your help!
yes please. i want to leave the attraction no later than 22:45.
thanks for your help. that's all i need.
bye, take care
i am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the centre. what do you recommend?
is there one that has architecture?
can i have its address please?
i'm also looking for a place to stay. i need some place with free wifi. i don't need free parking.
something in the moderate price range, please.
i would like something with free wifi. it doesn't need to have free parking.
hi, i am trying to find a restaurant serving italian cuisine, something expensive please. what would you suggest?
what area is that in please? the format you sent that in is very confusing.
okay thank you for the help.
no that was all, goodbye.
i need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:45.
i will need to depart from ely.
i would like to leave on saturday.
i can work with that.
yes, i need tickets for 5 people.
i am also looking for a particular restaurant. its name is called pizza express.
please book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.
no that is all. thank you for all your help.
thanks again for all of your help.
i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.
i think chinese may have caught my attention.
great can i get their phone number as well please?
no thank you. have a great day!
hi there. i need help finding a train leaving cambridge on sunday.
yes please book it
the train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 10:00. i would like 4 tickets for that specific train. i also need the reference number.
let's back up a bit here. i need to get to london liverpool street, not leicester.
it does. please book for four people and give me the reference number.
i'm also looking for information about a hotel called cityroomz.
yes can you tell me the area it is located in and the postal code?
that's okay. thanks for all your help!
i am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town.
i'm interested in a cheap place. what can you tell me about those?
yes, get me a table for two at dojo noodle bar on wednesday at 16:00
hmm.. can you try at 15:00 instead?
no, that will be all. thanks!
hi, i am traveling to cambridge soon. i am so excited to see some local tourist attractions. i could use some help with restaurants though.
i am looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
it should be in the west.
great. could i book a table for 6 people on sunday at 11:00?
i am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the west as well.
yes, i was also interested in booking a taxi. could you help me with that?
doesn't matter, as long as i leave whale of a time and get to india house before my reservation at 11:00.
ok, that's all i need, thanks.
i'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves modern european food.
not really, but i have 8 people with me.
that sounds perfect! could you book me a table for friday at 18:00 for 8 people. could you include the reference number also?
yes, i also need a hotel, i am on a budget so if you could find a cheap one that would be great.
not really, i don't need free parking or anything. what is available?
yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on friday.
that should be everything. thank you for all of the assistance!
could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
i'd prefer something in the center of town that has free wifi.
oh, that's a bummer. ok, how about trying in the north?
the stars don't matter. please book one for 3 people for 5 nights, starting sunday.
let's try to start on monday.
i actually would like it to be on sunday for 2 nights.
thank you for all your help. good bye.
i would like to find some place to go in town where i can look at architecture. can you help?
awesome, tell me more about the church closest to me right now and get me their phone number please
ya i am also looking for a hotel to stay. would prefer one that doesn't have wifi if possible.
wifi will be fine then. just something cheap and basic will be good. do you know of such a place?
i appreciate you finding wifi for me!
yes, please. i need a reservation for saturday, 4 nights and 2 people.
no that's great, thanks for your help.
yes, thank you!
i need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.
i would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.
could i just have the phone number and address?
thanks! i actually would like a room, please. we'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights. there will be 4 of us.
i also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.
yes, may i have both the address and postcode for the junction theatre?
i'd like a taxi please to pick me up at the junction at 06:45 and then take me to rosa's. give me the car type and contact number
that is all i need, thank you.
hello, i'm in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars.
i would prefer one that is a guesthouse.
can i have the pricing and address of the one in the centre of town?
i am not ready to book just yet. thanks for your help.
yes, could you tell me the name of the lodging that you mentioned, please?
thank you so much. i am all set. bye.
hi, i am looking for information on a place to stay.
yes a four star hotel that is cheap.
is that a guesthouse? that is the type i am looking for.
i don't care about price. i just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.
i'm looking for a cheap restaurant where i can get some korean food, please.
what about a cheap korean restaurant in the north?
what about italian food?
yes it does have to be.
sure. i'd like a reservation for tuesday.
18:00. also i need the address, postcode and phone number, please.
yes, i am also looking for a cheap hotel in the same area as the restaurant.
yes please book it for four people in the three nights starting on sunday
i suppose. is there a room available for 2 nights, starting sunday?
that will be all, thank you for your help.
could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
yes. the guesthouse must include free parking and free wifi.
yes it will. please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on friday.
could you tell me if it is available for one night?
yes, please find another moderate guesthouse with free parking and wifi to book.
do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the moderate price range?
hmmm ... let's try booking the acorn guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving friday.
are there any other hotels available?
that would be fine with me
oh dear. can you try one more time? moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, friday, 4 people? i really need this room.
well what about helping me find something to visit in cambridge? what is there to do on the west side?
oh, thank goodness. i was getting worried. can you recommend any fun things to do in the west side of town?
okay, what kind of attraction is that? may i have their postcode and phone number please?
no, that's all i need today. you have been very helpful. thanks!
i am coming to cambridge and need a place to stay. is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?
is that a guesthouse? i would like to stay in a guesthouse please. it doesn't need to have free parking.
el shaddai sounds interesting. can you tell me more about it?
yes, please. i'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
nothing else. thank you for getting us booked.
actually, i also need a chinese restaurant.
i am looking for the south side and cheap please.
yes the same group of people on the same day at 13:30 please, sorry for being such a pain today
thank you. what is the reference number?
ok great, thank you. that is all that i need.
hi. can you help me find a restaurant?
are there any cheap options in the centre of town?
can i have the address? i am also looking for a train that leaves on sunday to cambridge.
whichever one you think is best please.
excellent. i will need the train booked for 5 as well.
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after 11:15 please
i will be traveling on sunday.
the train should leave broxbourne after 11:15 so the 11:32 is a good choice. there are 5 of us traveling together. please book.
great. thank you so much.
i am planning a trip in cambridge.
i will be needing a place to stay on the north side of town.
no. give me recommendation.
is it expensive with free wifi?
does it also include free wifi?
that sounds good, i would like to book that one.
book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
sorry. for 3 people, starting monday.
thank you, that's all i need.
bye. have a good time.
howdy, i'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay. i'd like a place with free parking.
i prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 3 stars.
how about an expensive one?
yes. either of those should work although i would prefer the lensfield hotel since its in the south.
please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
yes, anything in the same price range will work.
no thank you that is all i need today.
i need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.
i am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.
i would like to book a hotel.
cityroomz will be fine. i need a room for 2 nights starting thursday. there will be a total of 8 guests.
how about for only a one night stay?
thank you! what is the reference number?
i would also like to know about fun things to do in town. what types of entertainment is available near the hotel?
in that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?
can you give me the full address for downing college please?
no thanks, but i'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.
i want to leave my hotel no later than 17:15.
thank you! that's all i need today. you've been very helpful.
hey there, i need to find a train to cambridge from london kings cross
i need to arrive by 15:30 on friday.
yes please. i need one ticket.
i'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. i don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a moderate price range.
definitely indian. thanks
no, thank you. can you give me the address, postcode and phone number, please?
i don't need anything else.
hi, i am looking for a place to stay and it has to have at least a two star rating and free wifi.
no, i'm going to have my car with me so i can get to any part of town. but now that i think of it, i'd like to have free parking.
i would like one with a 2 star rating, if the moderately priced one is 2 stars i'd like to book it for 2 nights starting thursday.
i would like to book for 5 people, two nights starting thursday, if that is not available then tuesday and the reference number please.
i am also looking for a college to visit in town. do you have any suggestions?
that sounds interesting. what part of town is it in?
can i get the phone number please?
great! i think i'll check it out. thanks for your recommendation!
i think that will be all. thank you very much for your help.
can you tell me a little about the clare college?
thank you so much!
yes what restaurants are in the west area in the expensive price range?
don't care as long as it's expensive and in the west side.
no, but i'd like their number and address please.
thank you for all your help today! goodbye
i would like some information on places to stay in cambridge. i prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.
i would like to stay in the moderate price range.
i would also like to go to a museum.
i'm sorry for jumping ahead. i do want to book the guesthouse starting tuesday for 5 people staying 2 nights.
thanks. now could i get the phone number for cambridge artworks please?
yes, i'm looking for somewhere to go in town to kill a few hours.
okay, can you get a taxi for me? i want to depart the attraction at 12:00 and go to the hotel. please give me car type and contact number
ok, great, thanks. that is all.
i am looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the west.
no, can you recommend a popular one for me?
great! i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the college.
i really love bistro food
can you look again for me in the same area?
ok, how about a restaurant that serves british food?
sure, i need it for 2 people at 18:15 on wednesday. can i get a reference number please?
thank you. take care. goodbye
i would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food
bummer. could you help me find some cheap italian food then?
sounds great, what is their phone number and address?
how about italian?
no that is all, thank you very much. good bye.
i am traveling to cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
i would like to try some indian food.
any of them will be fine. i'll just need to know the price range, address, and postcode, please?
am also looking for a train. the train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge. the train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday
no, i just need 6 tickets departing after 21:15.
no the train sounds good. can book 6 tickets please?
make sure i get the reference number also please.
thanks! that's all i needed.
i'm looking for a place to stay. can you help me find one?
i would like to stay in the north. wi-fi and at least four star reviews are also important.
not really, no. can you give me the phone number for your favorite place?
thanks, i also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on sunday.
depart does not matter but i need it to arrive by 12:45.
sounds like it. what is that travel time exactly?
thanks. that's all i need. good-bye.
i am looking for a gastropub in the south.
are there any gastropubs in town?
how about a modern european cuisine in the south area?
let's book that for 12:45 on tuesday. it will be for 7 people.
could you try 11:45 please?
yes, i'd like to see some entertainment near the restaurant. could you recommend me something good?
is it located near alimentum? i'm looking for something in the same area as the restaurant.
that will do. please get me their address.
yes, i would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the entertainment.
it doesn't matter, i just need to get there.
great, thank you so much for your help! that's everything i'll need today!
splendid! thank you for all your help. that's all i need. goodbye.
i need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating. wifi optional.
the hotel should include free parking and should be in the cheap price range.
do any of them have free wifi?
i do not have a preferred area. which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights starting thursday?
can you help me find a train leaving peterborough that arrives by 11:45?
i need to go to cambridge on monday.
yes, that is great. just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?
i also need a hotel
i'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.
i need a guesthouse in the north to stay at.
does it have free parking?
yes please. i need it for saurday, sunday, monday and tuesday please.
three people, 4 nights, thanks!
yes, i also need to book a train to kings lynn that leaves after 8:30 on wednesday departing cambridge.
yes please, go ahead and book that.
i do not need to book.
that was all thank you.
i really hope you can help. i need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. do you have any recommendations.
no, but i do need a place with free parking.
i don't have a preference for the price range or the type of lodging. could you recommend one of them to me?
i think that is good
no, i just need an address and postcode. is it a guesthouse or hotel?
no that won't be necessary, thank you.
that is all for today. thank you.
i am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street
i would like to travel on tuesday and i would like to arrive by 20:15 please.
do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.
yes, i need 7 tickets.
yes please. i'm also looking for a hotel in the west. i need free parking and wifi available. thanks so much.
a 3 star hotel in the cheap price range
i i need a hotel located in the west with free wifi and parking.
sounds great, thanks! what is their phone number?
and the cambridge belfry is a hotel or guesthouse?
that is perfect. thank you.
no, i don't need a booking. you have given me all the information i need, for now. thank you so much.
no thank you very much.
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
i want portuguese food.
in the east please.
how about indian food?
great! can i get their address please?
thank you. i am also looking for a museum to visit near the restaurant.
great, would you happen to know there address along with postcode? do you have there phone number as well?
thank you, that will be all for me today! bye!
i'm planning to visit cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale chinese dining.
i don't mind an expensive restaurant so that will be fine. i would like to reserve a table for 3 on sunday at 15:00.
that should be fine. can you get the reference number?
do you have reservations for 14:00 for yu garden since the 15:00 is full?
thanks. i'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi and free parking.
any part of town will be fine.
no, any price range is fine. go ahead and book, and get me the postcode.
that's all i need for now. thanks!
i'm looking for korean food in the east area.
how about indian food?
it does not matter, the price is whatever. just book me one for saturday.
i need a table for 5 people at 14:30. could you give me a reference number?
yeah i need info on stuff to do in town.
yes, i need the address for a swimming pool please.
that would be fine can i get the address please?
no that's all i need for today. bye.
i'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi
no, it really doesn't matter. i need free parking and free wifi though. i'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the north.
no other preferences. which one do you recommend?
that sounds lovely, can i please have the post code for that?
i want to eat at a moderate chinese restaurant.
i don't have a preference.
please book a table for 1 people at 18:45 on tuesday.
thanks. i need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. pick up place: home from home
no, that's all i need today. thank you. good-bye.
can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to cambridge?
something near the attraction primavera would be nice. where is that located?
what is the phone number for the primavera?
i also want to dine at a moderate restaurant in the center area.
i would like something in the moderate price range.
i need it for 1 on 11:30 tuesday.
i also want a taxi to go between those two places.
i don't care about the departure time, i just need to be at the restaurant by the booked time.
that is all thanks.
i am looking for an italian restaurant located in the centre of cambridge.
i think something cheap. if not, go up to moderate.
yes, please book the reservation.
i would like the post code and phone number for the restaurant please, and i would like to book a train.
i need to go to stevenage on sunday.
i'm leaving from cambridge.
yes, after 8:30 would be best.
what is the total travel time?
great, thank you. that's all i needed.
no thank you. thanks for your help.
i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
i don't care.
what is the address and phone number?
thank you. good bye.
i am looking for information in cambridge
i'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the south
i am looking for chinese please.
you can choose and then book it for me for 7 people on saturday at 12:45. and tell me the reference number
i need a restaurant in the cambridge area that serves international food and is moderately priced.
no, i don't need a reservation.,
is that restaurant in the centre area and could i get the postcode please?
i also need a place to stay
no particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 3 stars.
why don't you recommend one of the hotels?
i don't need a booking, but can you please inform me of the area, type, and phone number for it?
great! i also will need a taxi between the two places.
i would like to be picked up from the gonville hotel by 21:00 please.
thanks, i don't need anything else! goodbye!
need a place to eat, panasian food, pricey!
thai food would be just as good.
could i have the postcode, and address of both of them please?
thanks. i need a place to stay also. i would like a guesthouse with free wifi. can you help me find one?
i would like to stay on the east side, please.
hmm, i've never been there. let's try that. can you book me a room for saturday for 5 guests, 2 nights please?
i'd like to book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
thank you, i would like to commute from the hotel to sala thong, and i want to leave by 06:15.
great, you've been awesome. bye.
hi, i'm looking for the location of the carolina bed and breakfast please?
could you please book me a stay for one person for 5 nights starting thursday?
thanks for booking the lodging. would you help with a restaurant? i want to dine in the center at a cheap restaurant.
i would like an indian restaurant please.
is the gandhi cheap? if so, i'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at 14:00 on the same day, please.
how about 13:00, does the restaurant have this time available?
that is all i need today. thank you for your help.
i'm looking for a hotel in the north side.
i'd like a 2 star hotel with free parking.
the ashley hotel sounds fine, can you book that for me please. also, i need the postcode of that hotel as well.
actually, i don't need a booking. thanks. have a nice day.
i need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. can you help me?
we're willing to experiment. i have 7 people. anything you recommend?
okay, let's go with that one. i need a table for 7 at 19:15 on saturday.
yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from peterborough.
i will be heading to ely.
wait, what? are you serious?
i think we got some crossed wires. i need the train from peterborough to cambridge. i need it for saturday.
okay, please book the train for 7 people on saturday.
yes, i just need to arrive by 12:15.
yes, please book that for 7 people.
thanks for the help, that's all for now.
can i please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
i'd like to leave cambridge and arrive by 17:30.
yes. please book for 2 people.
thank you. i also need help finding a place to stay. i'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi
i don't care about price. it needs to be in the north, however.
does the kirkwood house include free parking?
what's the price range, postcode and address please
no thank you that is all i need today.
i'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food.
what about an indian restaurant?
what is the phone number?
address please
thank you. good bye.
i am looking for a restaurant called panahar.
yes, for 5 at 11:00 on thursday
thanks so much. let me double check my list.
that would be great. i'm looking for a place to go in the centre. a college would be nice.
i don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? which one do you think is the most beautiful?
great, could i get the address there?
i also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
i believe that is all for today. i really appreciate all your help. have a great day. goodbye
hello! are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?
no just one that i can book for friday would be good.
16:00 on friday please for 6 people.
yes, can i also get the reference number?
thank you, i also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport
i need to arrive by 09:45 saturday.
yes, please. for 6 people.
i would need 6 tickets please and the reference number.
thank you. that'll be all!
i need help finding a hotel called bridge guest house. thanks.
do they have internet?
not at the moment. i'm also interest in an attraction called emmanuel college. where is it located?
yes, are there any boat attractions?
actually can i have the address and post code to the bridge guest house and the same for emmanuel college?
thank you for all of the information. that is exactly what i needed.
no, thank you. you have been very helpful. goodbye.
i will be in cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi
i want to arrive on monday and leave sunday.
i would also like free parking. price doesn't matter.
what is the price and the address for that hotel?
is there more an address, such as building number? also, what area of town is it in? how many starts is it?
thanks! can you help me find a place to sight see while i am in town?
i am looking for a college
that sounds great. i just need the phone number and entrance fee.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
i'd like to leave churchill college by 04:30 to travel to the university arms hotel. can you book me a taxi, please?
that's all i need, thanks so much for all of your help! have a great day!
find me a place to stay that has free parking, but i don't need internet.
i would prefer to be in the centre.
do you have one in a 4 star rating that has free wifi?
i really need a hotel in the east. can you take a look at those for me?
no, should have four stars though.
i do need internet.
yes, i suppose.
no thank you that will be all
can you suggest something to do on the east side of town?
something that is entertainment, please.
yes i would like more information about the funky fun house.
i'm also looking for a guesthouse in the north area of town, something on the less expensive side, if possible.
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from friday
that would be all thank you goodbye
hello, i am looking for accommodations with free wifi.
either one, but i insist on 4-star quality.
what's the postcode and address for that?
am i able to park for free there?
no, thanks. i also need a train on sunday out of cambridge.
i want to leave for peterborough after 18:30.
i just need the arrival and travel times for that train, thanks.
you have been a great help. thank you very much! goodbye!
hello i'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of cambridge.
i prefer chinese. something is the expensive price range
i'd like to get the address and postcode. yes, i'd like a reservation please. this place sounds great.
on friday. i also need a 4 star hotel in the west.
i actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.
i'm sorry, i've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. could you just give me the information on that one? no booking today.
do they offer free parking?
no, thanks, but i do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:15, please.
thank you,thats all i need today.
can you help me find a place to stay? i'm looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking.
area doesn't matter, but i would like a cheap guesthouse, if possible.
could i get the hotel's phone number and postcode please?
no, you helped me out. thanks. goodbye.
hi, i need a place to stay. i would prefer it to be a guesthouse type. it doesn't need to have free parking.
no, i don't need a particular area, but i am looking for something moderately priced.
i've changed my mind and would like to go ahead and pick the center of town. wifi would be great.
yes lets book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting monday.
thank you, can you tell me about a place called the ghandi? i near that they have the best tandorri chicken.
nope i need their phone number though and postcode when you get a chance, thanks
thank you. that is all that i need.
hi, i need a train out of london liverpool street on monday
i want to leave after 12:15
sure. can i get the arrival time and how long it will take?
not right now. however, i do need to find an expensive restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. any suggestions?
please reserve a restaurant for five people at 19:15 on monday
that is all i need.
let's find me a cheap eatery in the north part of the town. thank you.
royal spice sounds good. can you reserve a table for 2 at 17:45 on sunday?
i also need a place to stay
i want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the north, just like my restaurant
can you tell me the postcode?
i'm going to need a taxi also.
the hotel to the restaurant....
that does it for now, thank you.
i'm looking for a train that will depart from birmingham new street and go to cambridge. can you help me?
yes, i want to leave on monday and i need to arrive by 11:15
yes, that would be perfect, thanks.
can you help me find a place to stay? i am looking a 0 star hotel with a cheap price.
are you able to find me a hotel in the east with free parking?
no, i'd like that zero star cheap guesthouse in the north.
monday. please give me their phone number , postcode and address
no. thank you. you have been quite helpful.
i would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range.
i am interested in indian food please.
yes please do.
great can i get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday?
i think i'd rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time, actually. you mentioned there are several others?
great! can i have the goden curry?
12:30 on sunday. there will be 8 of us.
i guess i could try 11:30.
thank you so much.
no, i am all set. bye.
i am looking for a college attraction in town.
i am pretty much open to anything! could you recommend one and give me their information please?
that sounds great. can i have the phone number, and address for this free attraction please?
thank you for the information. i also need to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food. can you help me with this?
i prefer to eat in the center of town. is there anything available?
no need to book for now, just gathering information.
that is all i need today, thank you.
i'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and i don't need to have internet. can you help?
tell me about the expensive options.
the university arms sounds good.
i need it for 8 people, 2 nights from monday.
perfect. you have been so much help!
yes please, i also need a train to cambridge, on thursday.
i will be leaving cambridge and arriving at ely.
no thank you. i just need the price and travel time please.
thank you. that is all i need.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap.
no, but i want a hotel with free parking and has a star rating of at least 4.
nope, just pick your favorite. i need lodging for 5 people, 4 nights, and we'll arrive on wednesday.
yes, i'm also looking for a restaurant tandoori palace. can you give me the address and phone number?
yes, please. that was 4 nights at the alexander starting wednesday. 5 people.
could i have the address
okay great, that is all i needed. have a good day!
i need to find a place to eat and would prefer indian food.
i would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.
yes please. could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on wednesday?
how about 17:15. get me a reference number for that.
yes, i could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant.
could i get the address, postcode and entrance fee?
cool. can you help me book a taxi? i need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.
that's all, you've been a great help!
i want an expensive restaurant and serves european food. what is the phone number?
thank you
i am looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
are any of those 11 guesthouses?
does it offer free wifi?
okay. please help me book this guesthouse.
i do not have all of that information at this time. can i talk to you again when i know more?
thank you for your help!
hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the centre of town, please?
i am looking for thai food.
what about asian oriental?
yes a table for four. thank you
actually, i don't need a reserved table after all. but, can i get their phone number please?
yes, can you tell what parks are good in town?
whatever park you think is the best one.
that sounds like it'll be fun to visit. what is the entrance fee, address, and phone number?
no. all set. thanks.
hi, i would like info about museums i could visit on the west side.
that one sounds great. can you give the address and hours?
great, thanks! i also need a place to stay, i'd prefer a guesthouse.
yes please. the north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.
the acorn please. can you book that?
actually, i'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could i also get information about a taxi.
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? that is important. first things first.
okay. i need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.
i would like to leave the museum by 16:00, please.
don't you have access to my previous requests? it would be from kettle's yard to the acorn guest house and i need to leave by 16:00.
sounds great! i think i have everything i need now. thanks for all your help.
hello, we're planning on staying in cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around 12:00 from cambridge proper.
i'll be going to london kings cross on friday. i need to arrive by 12:00
yes, please book that for 5 people.
yes, i'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the centre of town, please.
i am actually looking for something in the more expensive range and it should also include free parking.
put me in the university arms, same group of people for 3 nights starting tuesday.
that is great. thank you. that is all for now.
you have been most helpful. are there any colleges in the area with free admission. or other attractions available close by?
thanks once again
i am looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house
book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
no thank you!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
i would really love to find an expensive polish restaurant.
how about chinese food?
can i have the phone number for the ugly duckling restaurant?
okay let's try the tang chinese. is there a phone number for them?
i'm also looking for somewhere to go. i'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. are there any museums in the area?
i'd be interested in the contemporary art. do you know how much it costs to get in?
that's not needed. i am looking for a taxi to go between the two places, though.
oh, wait. i'm so sorry. before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art museum?
i want to leave the museum by 4:15.
thanks so much for all your help.
no, that's everything. i'm sure my trip will be fantastic. thank you for all the help. have a good day!
please find a cheap restaurant that serves indian food.
what are of town is that in? i really want to stay in the centre of town to be close to the attractions.
no thank you that will be all
on second thought, i need a reservation for 5 at 12:15 on sunday and the reference number. also information on a place called vue cinema.
what is the post code for the cinema?
i need a cab to the restaurant by the booking time, contact # and car type so i don't get into someone else's car!
i'll need a car from the vue cinema. i wouldn't want to be late for my reservation.
great that's all i needed today thanks.
no, i think i'm all set. thank you for all your help!
yes, i am trying to find a hotel by the name of allenbell. can you help me?
yes. i would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.
no, thank you. thanks for your help.
i would like to find an expensive place to eat please.
yes, i would like some chinese food, please.
i am not familiar with cherry hinton road. is that in the centre of town?
yes please. i would like something in the expensive price range.
no thank you, can you just give me the address and phone number for one of them?
yes please give me the post code and phone number for one of the restaurants that has them listed. i am also looking for a train.
i will be departing from peterborough after 8:30.
i need to be in cambridge on saturday.
any time after 08:30 would work.
the first train that leaves after 8:30 would be nice.
no, but if you could give me the price of a ticket?
great. that's all the information i need now. thanks!
i'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves tuscan food. do you know of any in the moderate price range?
i'm sorry. i'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves tuscan food.
that okay. italian does sound fine, actually. could you find a moderately priced italian restaurant instead?
yes, that works. please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday. can you do that?
can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on wednesday please?
thank you, that's all i need!
hello, i'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.
are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?
could you try for the center part of town?
yes, i'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting sunday, please.
i am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please
sunday as well, please.
yes, i need to leave leicester after 11:00. heading to cambridge for the day.
okay. can you purchase tickets for me. there will 6 of us.
yes. thank you for your help.
i really would like to try some indian food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the east side
yeah. i'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at 13:45.
i would also like to get a place to stay too.
same area as the restaurant, moderate price range, and it doesn't have to have free parking.
that sounds perfect. i need that for 5 nights.
i'd like reservations for tuesday.
2 people will be staying. can you give me the reference number too?
thanks, that's all i needed today. goodbye!
hello, i'm looking for an italian restaurant on the east side. thank you!
is this restaurant in the moderate price range?
yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 19:30 please.
no i will call back thank you.
can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me?
i did not say to book rajmahal. what type of food does it serve?
if there are not any italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced, rajmahal will be fine.
thank you for your help. bye.
i hope to. goodbye.
i would like a barbeque restaurant.
i do not care about the price range or location.
do you have an address, phone number and postcode for a north american food restaurant?
thank you good bye.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4.
do any of them have free wifi ?
i really don't care you choose
could i have the area and postcode.
no thanks. i do need the area and address of ballare please, minus the attitude.
that should be all i need. thank you for your help.
can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?
i would like one with 4 stars.
that sounds like a perfect fit. please book it for 4 nights starting this friday, for 3 people.
i also need a train to norwich. i need to arrive by 8:15.
i'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when i leave, just need to arrive by 08:15.
what time does it arrive?
can you please book that for 3 people, thank you in advance.
wow, that was quick, you helped me a lot, thank you.
may i have the reference number for the train and the train id, please? i'm not sure which one i was booked on.
i am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a chinese restaurant.
price doesn't matter but it needs to be in the centre.
suggest one and i need a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on friday and the reference number. i also would like information on cambridge and county folk museum.
that is everything that i need, thanks for your help.
yes im looking to book a taxi from cambride towninfo centre to a fancy restraunt rated 5 stars!
i'm sorry, i am actually looking for the postcode of king's college. could you provide that for me?
i am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.
no preference on location but i would like a hotel. i would also like moderate pricing.
how about an expensive one?
book one of them for two people, five nights, starting wednesday.
we could shorten the stay to just four nights, i guess.
ok, can you get me a taxi?
i would like it to take me between my hotel and the college.
i want to leave the hotel by 14:15.
could you provide the contact number please?
no i think that's all i need. thanks for your help!
i need a place to stay in the north with a 4 star rating please.
is it in the cheap price range?
what hotels have free parking?
no thank you, could i have the address with postcode and phone number?
i would like to find a boat in the north of town as well.
can you just give me the entrance fee amount and the address?
there is no entrance fee?
okay, thank you so much! i don't need anything else then, goodbye!
hi i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that includes free wifi.
is that hotel in the north?
i am interested in a guesthouse in the north that includes free wifi please.
how about moderately priced?
sure. i'm traveling alone this time. book me for 2 nights, beginning wednesday.
thanks. i need to grab a train ticket to stevenage on friday, also.
i need to leave sometime after 14:45 from cambridge.
that sounds perfect. can i get the price for the tickets?
that will be all. thank you!
hi, i'm looking for any information that you have on the lensfield hotel in cambridge.
yes, please. can you also give me the phone number?
i'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. what train can i take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at 19:30?
i'm actually looking for something on saturday. are there any trains on saturday that leave at 19:30?
is there another day you would like me to check?
i just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 5 people
what are the other 4 times of departure for saturday. i'll need bookings for 5 people and a reference number.
nope that should be it thanks.
hi! what can you tell me about the lensfield hotel?
ok great, could you book a room for me? i need it for 2 nights and there are 6 in my party.
i would like to book starting thursday.
yes, please. i'm ready to write it down.
yes, i was also hoping to find a museum to visit while i'm in town.
is there any expensive restaurants in town serving australian food?
how about asian oriental food?
what is the phone number and area?
thank you, i have all i need. goodbye!
hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 15:45 on a monday? thanks.
i'm leaving from cambridge and heading for bishops stortford.
how much is a ticket and how long is the train ride?
what time does the train arrive in bishops stortford? i also am looking for a place to stay that is 3 stars and in the moderate range.
no, but i would like a guest house with free parking.
i am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 3-star rating.
alright, can i get the phone number?
that will be all, you've been very helpful.
so this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?
no, but i would like place in the moderate price range.
what about a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking?
i think i'll go with my original 0 star. archway house sounds fine. can you reserve 3 nights arriving on thursday for 3 people please?
ok i need a place to eat that serves portuguese food
no, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the south charges.
ok great. thanks for the help.
thanks, but i don't need a reservation. can you tell me their price range please?
okay, great. i'll go there.
no that's all i need today.
i am looking for a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 16:00.
i am going to be leaving from london liverpool street and travelling to cambridge.
it doesn't matter. just tell me when it departs so i can be there on time.
not just yet. could you give me the train id, though?
i need a moderately priced guesthouse.
sure can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting friday?
great thanks that's all i need
hey, i'm looking for a cheap place to dine with indian cuisine preferably!
sure, i'd like to try it, can you help me book a table for 4 people?
4 people at 17:45 on monday. by the way, i need a hotel too, is that something you can help me out with?
great, thanks! can you also help me find somewhere to stay?
please find me a htel in a moderate price range, no need for internet. the area doesn't matter.
i would like a hotel please.
how about the center. book it for 3 nights from monday for 4 people.
no thank you that will be all
actually i changed my mind. i do want to book the hotel.
thank you very much.
i would like to stay at a guesthouse while i'm in cambridge. it doesn't need to have internet.
no thanks - not yet. does it have free parking?
i don't have any price range in mind, i just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side
yes, i do need to book a room.
actually, i'll book later. can you help me find a train though?
i really would like to try a japanese restaurant while in cambridge.
i'd like to treat myself. is this in the expensive range?
yes, if this restaurant is in the centre. i also need the postcode and phone number please.
i also need a hotel in the cheap price range.
yes i would like a room for 3 nights please.
the hotel i need should be in the same area as the restaurant and include free wifi.
i would like my stay to begin on tuesday.
can you try to book the hotel for tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights?
all right, can you try for just 1 night instead?
that's all i need thanks.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
no preference. can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number? thanks!
no thank you not at this time.
nope you gave me everything i wanted to know. thanks bye!
hello, i am looking for a scottish restaurant on the west side of town.
is there a restaurant that serves indian food in the west part of town?
expensive
can you please give me that phone number?
what is the food type they serve ?
can you please give me the address?
no, thank you, that is all i need. goodbye!
hello, i am looking for information regarding magdalene college.
thank you so much
could you also help me find a restaurant? i'm looking for something that's moderately priced that serves indian food.
either curry prince or rajmahal will do since they are located in the east.
yes, that would be great. rajmahal it is.
actually, a reservation won't be necessary right now. that's all i need. thank you!
i'm looking for something serving christmas food.
how about a moderately priced chinese restaurant?
ok, what's the phone number?
is there anything else?
thanks! you too!
hi, i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british cuisine.
no preferred area but i need to know if i can book a table for saturday.
there will be 3 of us at 14:15.
thank you so much!
i need a vegetarian restaurant
east part of town.
is there an indian restaurant in the east part of town?
i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi.
i don't care about the part of town or the price range, but it needs to be a three star hotel.
does the the hamilton lodge have both free wifi and free parking?
yes please book the hamilton lodge.
wednesday, 6 people, for five nights, please.
yes, that will be fine.
great. thanks so much for your help.
no that will be it. thank you.
i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
i would like it to serve food from the americas.
how about european food?
what are the names?
i would like to book a table for three on friday, at 16:00.
i need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday at galleria
i'm also looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.
do they offer free parking? and can i get the phone number for them please.
is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by 16:00?
thank you that's all that i needed
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 4.
is that a guesthouse?
no, i really need a guesthouse. how about if we search for a cheap one instead?
look for a cheap one.
no can you recommend one and book for wednesday?
yes please, i need the address and phone number for sidney sussex college please.
that is all i need to know. thank you so much.
as mentioned before i am all set, have a great day and goodbye.
hi- i need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the north end of cambridge
no, i don't care about that really. i'd like an expensive place though.
yes, i guess i can live with that.
ok and what is their phone number?
do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? do you have anything with boats near the hotel?
yeah i need their address as well.
yes i'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the riverboat.
i need to leave the hotel by 08:00.
thank you so much for all your help!
i'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of cambridge which is pretty cheap in terms of prices.
cheap food is preferred, but i'm not picky.
i don't really care which type of food. you can just pick one and book for 5 people at 12:30 on thursday.
i am also looking for the cambridge belfry.
yes. for the same group of people for 3 nights starting on the same day
yes that's all. thank you very much.
i need information on the hotel limehouse please.
could you please tell me if free parking and internet is available at the limehouse?
yes but i'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food in the area.
once you find a restaurant, i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on tuesday. please don't forget my reference number.
thanks can i please have the reference number?
sure,i am looking for a restaurant serving british food in the expensive price range.
that sounds perfect. could you book me a table for 5 at 1300 on tuesday.
great! thank you so much.
great. thank you very much for your help. that will be all.
hello! i am about to go to cambridge and i would like some information about local restaurants. i also need to see if i can book a train to cambridge that gets there before 15:45.
i would like italian please.
it doesn't matter the part of town.
actually, let's look for the train first, please. i'll be traveling from london kings cross to cambridge on tuesday and i'd like to arrive by 15:45.
i don't need to book just yet. but could you help me located a new zealand restaurant?
i's sorry, but could you give me the actual train travel time between the two cities? i'm not good at math.
thanks, could you also recommend could you help you help me find a place with japanese food?
okay please book a table for five people on tuesday at 18:00 and give me the reference number
is there another japanese restaurant in the center of town?
could you try to book that again for 5 people at 18:00 on tuesday?
thank you very much. that is all for today.
i am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. can you help me?
thank you. what is the post code?
no but i do need help finding a train leaving kings cross after 15:45.
the train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.
i have no preference. i just need to book one of those for 4 people.
no that will be all. thank you
i am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
i am looking for a hotel near the city center moderately priced.
i would like a hotel in the north please.
which one has nights available from thursday to tuesday?
please book the ashley hotel for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday
thank you! i also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross. i need to depart after 16:00.
i need a train for 1 from cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to london kings cross. can you find any trains for that time and send me a reference number?
tuesday and i would like to leave after 16:00.
yes, please. just the one ticket.
looks like you are all set. goodbye!
i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town
i don't care.
what is the address?
thank you goodbye.
i need a place to stay in the east part of town
cheap please, and it doesn't need free parking.
no thank you i just need the information for the hotel please.
i will need a reservation afterall. could you book it for 2 people starting friday for 2 nights?
the autumn house, please.
once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:30 on the same day.
the same one as the hotel please.
yes i need a table for 2 friday at 15:30.
you covered everything, thank you.
i have the name of a restaurant that i need some help finding, whenever you're ready.
it is the seasame restaurant and bar.
i misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at 17:00 on monday if available?
yes i'll also need a train to cambridge.
to cambridge, on monday. i will be leaving birmingham new street.
i need to arrive by 14:15.
i don't need you to book that, but i will need to know the departure time, please.
great, thanks so much for your help. that's all i need today.
hi, i will be in cambridge soon and need a place to stay that has free parking.
i am not particular about the area but it should be a hotel and 0 stars please.
how about a guesthouse with free parking and 0 stars?
i'd like to book el shaddai, 3 people for 4 nights, starting from tuesday.
let`s try the beginning of a different day than.
how about 3 nights, then?
yes, i also need a train leaving after 9:15 on tuesday from kings lynn to cambridge.
it doesn't matter. i just need to leave kings lynn after 9:15.
how much will that cost me. i am on a budget.
thank you but i will book it myself. this is all i needed, you were great thanks again!!
i'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the west side of town.
i'm really in the mood for jamaican food.
how about some indian food?
i would. can you book me a table for 1 on tuesday at 11:45?
yes, can you try 10:45?
thank you, that's all i need.
i need to find a place to stay with four stars in a moderate price range.
no but i'd like it to include free wifi and be in some kind of guesthouse.
possibly. i'd like their address, and to know if they have free parking.
great! also, i need to take a train from ely on sunday.
i need to arrive in cambridge by 20:00 please.
can you give me information on the one arriving in cambridge closest to 20:00. i just need the train id and price. thanks
great. thank you very much for your help. that is all for today.
i'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.
are there any with north american food?
yes, please book a party of 4 at 11:30 tuesday. please include a reference number.
i'm also looking for a train. the train should arrive by 08:00 and should depart from peterborough.
i would like to travel on tuesday, as well.
yes, and could you provide the travel time and the train id please?
wonderful, thanks. that is everything i needed.
i'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves indian food.
i am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of centre.
sure thing, please book for 6 people at 19:30 on saturday.
okay great! thank you so much. could you also help me find a 3 star hotel in the area. i don't need wifi either.
that sounds great. please book that now.
i have 6 people in my group.
2 nights, starting the same day as the reservation.
yes please. is there something else available in that area?
can we try for 1 night instead of 2? i'll need the reference number please.
thank you so much!
hi, i'm looking for a theatre in town.
not particularly. which do you recommend? if you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.
that's all, i also need some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house.
i just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday.
how about trying the booking for 2 nights instead?
i also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the mumford theatre.
i want to leave the hotel by 23:45, please. i will need the contact number and car type as well.
thank you. that's all i needed today.
i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
i dont care.
are there any others?
i would like the phone number and postcode, please.
nope, that'll do it. thank you very much!
i am looking for a museum to visit? i'm pretty excited to be coming in a few weeks.
what area of town is that in?
great! can i get the address and phone number?
i'm also looking for a cheap guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.
let's stick with the east
yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.
thank you, that is all. goodbye.
can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?
no type of food but i'd like it to be in the moderate range please
yes. there are five of us for monday at 19:45, please.
thank you for your help
great towninfo service. goodbye.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
could i have the phone number and address please?
thank you, goodbye
i'm traveling to cambridge and i was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by 13:30.
i am leaving from stevenage
when is the departure time?
yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number?
i need to find a french restaurant.
please book cote for me.
sorry, i got ahead of myself. i want a french restaurant but it must be in the moderate price range. do either of those options match?
yes, search for asian oriental food instead then please.
what's their address?
no thank you. i am actually all set now. thanks, and bye!
hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the north end. preferably a 4 star hotel
are there any hotels available, instead of a guesthouse?
ok, let's go with guesthouse. a moderately priced one, 4 stars.
do they have free parking?
i don't need a room right now, but i would like to know if there is a persian restaurant in the north.
are there any italian places around the hotel?
yes, please book a table for 1 at 18:45 on sunday.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places, from my lodgings, so it gets me to the restaurant on time.
i don't think so. thank you.
i would like to take a train to leave cambridge.
i'm going to peterborough on wednesday
i need to arrive by 20:30.
yes please. i need tickets for 5 people and a reference number.
i need a guesthouse that has free wifi
i'm not picky. where would you recommend that is in the moderate price range? i'll need free parking, too.
honestly, i always stay at the same place when we travel there, so i could really use a recommendation. any one will do just with wifi and moderate pricing.
yes, i would like to book this. there are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting saturday. can i get a reference number?
thank you very much. that is all.
hello- i would like some information about visiting corpus christi please
can i have the post code please?
is there an entrance fee?
can you also find me a place to stay in the centre?
i'd like a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.
i'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 5 nights from sunday.
okay, how about a moderately-priced hotel in the south area instead that has free wifi and free parking?
aylesbray sounds good. i need a booking for six, five nights starting from sunday.
that is all i need today, thank you for your help.
can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking. please provide me with the reference number.
i would like one with four star. i don't care about the price.
let's try the allenbell. could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 5 nights starting wednesday?
no, that's all i needed today. thank you for your assistance!
yes, i'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. the name of the restaurant is darrys cookhouse and wine shop. i'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.
perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on sunday?
yes, please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as darrys cookhouse.
what is the address,please?
yes, please book that for the same party and time on sunday.
i am looking to find a place to eat in centre please.
i would like belgian food in the moderate price range.
how about international food?
whatever one you recommend, i just need the phone number and address.
yes, i'm looking for a particular attraction called ballare.
i just need the post code. thank you.
yes, that all i need, thanks.
i am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi.
where is it located? i'm looking for something in the east.
what type of place is the express?
do they also have free parking?
what type of hotel is it?
i want to make sure that it's a hotel and not just a guest house. it sounds like it's not a guest house though, is that right?
thank you very much!
no thank you. that will be everything.
i'm exhausted. can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?
it doesn't matter, and i don't need internet access.
does it include free internet?
i want to book it for one person, four nights starting on sunday.
i can't rest yet. i still need a train. i am traveling from cambridge to london liverpool street. can you help me out?
i'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 14:30.
yes please for one. i will also need a reference number.
no, that is all, thank you.
can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range?
yes, australian, please.
actually, could you look up some turkish restaurants instead?
yes,i need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on sunday, please.
no, that is all, thank you good by.
i was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
okay i would like to book a table for 7 people at 15:30 on friday. can i get the reference number please?
yes please, i am also looking for a train that will take me to peterborough from cambridge. is there anything available?
i'm looking to leave after 12:00 on saturday.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
all seven in my party please.
what is the travel time for that trip?
that's perfect. i think this is all i need for now.
yes, i am looking for a theatre in the town.
any area is fine, can you give me the address and postcode of the closest theater to centre?
great! do you have a good chinese restaurant in centre that i could go to.
i'd like a cheap chinese restaurant, please.
make a reservation for charlie chan. book a table for 2 people at 17:15 for monday.
thanks, that's all i need. have a nice day.
i'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant. can you help me with that?
i need the town centre.
certainly, sounds good. could you just get me the address and postcode?
no thank you, that is all i needed!
i need some helping finding a train that leaves after 15:15.
the train should depart from birmingham new street and should go to cambridge
wednesday please. i'll need the train id.
how long does the train trip take?
yes please and i'm also looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant in the centre part of town. i'd like to book a table for 5 @20:30 on the same day
yes please, on wednesday at 20:30 for 5 people.
great that was all i needed today, thanks!
i don't need you to book it. i just need the travel time, train id and arrival time.
may i get the reference number?
can you help me find a hotel?
i'm looking for something moderately priced with a 4 star rating.
no, but i would like to have free wifi.
that does not matter. which one would you recommend?
actually, i would like something that has 4 stars. does a and b have 4 stars?
yes, and can i get the phone number for the guesthouse, please.
no, you have been very helpful, thanks. i don't need anything else at the moment. bye.
i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves portuguese food.
what is the phone number and address?
bye.
hi, can you help me find a guesthouse? i need free parking.
i would prefer the north side of town please.
not really. i just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting sunday.
would you try 1 night for 6 people on sunday, please?
brilliant! thank you.
no, you have been most helpful. thanks, again.
can you help me find a cinema in the centre?
great. can i get the phone number for the cinema?
thanks. i also need to find a place to dine, please.
italian food, please
yes, i'd like one that was in the centra as well.
yes please; i'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as i'm on a bit of a budget.
yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 4 people. i'll need the reference number as well please.
i also need a taxi.
i need to be picked up at vue cinema.
i need to get to pizza express for my 18:30 reservation, please.
you have been most helpful setting this up. thank you. goodbye.
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi included please.
i do not care as long as it is moderately priced and has free parking.
yes please. it needs to be for 4 people for 4 nights starting on monday.
i also need to find a place to dine. it should serve british food and be in the moderate price range.
okay please book a table for the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day
that would be all.
i want to take a train to cambridge on friday, what's available?
i would like the departure station to be broxbourne.
no, i need something that gets there by 9:45.
yes, i need the reference number. i am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable italian.
pick one of those. i need it for the same amount of people at 17:15 on the same day.
okay. can you find another italian restaurant?
not really. please make a recommendation.
yes. it will just me at 17:15 on friday.
terrific. i appreciate your help. good bye!
is there a moderate priced restaurant?
yes, in the east part of town.
what is the address of one of them?
excellent, thanks!
that's it, goodbye
can you help me find a park to visit in cambridge?
i have no area preference. can you suggest a park for me? thanks a lot
okay, what area is that in?
great, thanks. also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called la mimosa?
yes, and can i get a phone number and area?
actually, no i don't.
that was all i needed today, thank you so much.
i need to find a hotel in the north part of town.
yes, i am looking for a 4 star hotel.
no. pick whatever is available.
i need a cheap hotel in cambridge.
i would like to stay in the west area.
does it have free wifi?
yes please. i need it for one person on saturday. a 3 night stay.
hello, i am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.
no, i am not.
yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on sunday.
train. the train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge
i'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 13:45.
thank you for booking it.
i actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.
i'm sorry, i forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. let me work on that train for you.
thank you! i appreciate all of your help today. have a good afternoon.
i am looking for information and would appreciate the help. can you help with a train?
i want to go to cambridge on wednesday.
i will be leaving from ely.
i need to arrive by 08:45
i would need 2 tickets.
can you also look up the hotel carolina bed and breakfast?
i want you to book it for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 2 people.
nope, that's all i need today. thanks for all your help. goodbye!
can you please help me find a train? may i ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a monday? thankyou.
norwhich, please. from cambridge.
yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.
i need a hotel room with i need free parking.
somewhere in the west please.
i don't have a price range in mind.
could you get me the postcode for the cambridge belfry?
that is all i needed for today thanks
hello! can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town? i'll be on a business trip, so i do need free wifi.
i do not need parking, is the avalon moderately priiced?
sure! can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting friday?
nope, that's all i need. thank you!
i would like to book a train out of cambridge, please.
i want to go to london liverpool street.
tuesday leaving sometime after 18:45.
yes, that sounds great.
actually, i can book it separately. but i will need help booking a hotel -- the lovell lodge
thank you! for 3 people, and 3 nights, starting saturday, please.
thank you for the help, thats all i need today.
thank you i really don't need anything else.
yes i am looking for a train that arrives by 20:00 that is going to ely
yes, i'd like to travel on tuesday, departing from cambridge please.
yes, that's exactly the sort of thing i'm looking for. thank you.
can you also help me find a chinese restaurant on the north side?
great, is it considered to be expensive it's my anniversary and i want it to be high quality food
yes, i would prefer an expensive one.
postcode, phone number, and area
can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at 14:30
what? could you please make the reservation?
i'd like that reservation for tuesday, as well.
no, that's all for me. thanks! bye!
where'a a restaurant on the east part f town?
it doesn't matter
are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town?
could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town?
sure that would be lovely.
can i get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we will be there thursday. thank you
sure, how about a different hotel in the same price range?
yes please book it for me.
thank you so much for your help.
no. that is all i need. thank you so much!
hello, i'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west.
can we try a 4 star rating instead?
i do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 7 people.
we'll be arriving on friday, and we'd like to stay for 2 nights.
no, that was everything. thank you for the help.
hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town centre please.
yes, do either include free wifi or free parking?
book the gonville hotel for 3 people and 3 nights starting tuesday. may i have the reference number too?
thank you! i'm also looking for some places to go around the hotel. do you have any recommendations?
could i get the address, postcode and attraction type?
thank you very much. i think that's all.
i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
no particular type of food, but something moderately priced please.
that sounds good. could you book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on wednesday?
could i get the reference number? also looking for place to go in town. what museum do you recommend? please send address.
alright, that seems like it will be perfect! could i have the address for it, please?
ok great, that's all i needed thank you!
i am looking for a malaysian restaurant in the east part of town.
how about indian food?
perfect, may i have the address and phone number please?
that's it. thank you, goodbye
i'm interested in a place called restaurant one seven. what can you tell me about it?
awesome! can you book a table for me? 4 people at 15:30 on monday. thanks!
great thank you! that's all i need.
are there any turkish restaurant in the centre location?
no,could you recommend one and give me the address, price range, and postcode.
no thank you. i also need to find a train going to leicester.
i'll be leaving from cambridge on tuesday. i'd like to get to leicester by 18:00 please.
not yet. what is the price and travel time?
can you be more specific on the travel time. i have a tight schedule to keep. can you tell me in minutes?
thank you. can you make the booking?
you know what, don't worry about it, the trains are never full, i'll just grab a ticket at the station.
i think that was all the information i needed for now.
i'm looking for a restaurant named panahar.
yes, for five people.
that information is at 13:45 on sunday.
is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range?
i don't have any preferences. pick one you like.
thank you! have a nice day!
hey there, i am traveling to cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat. i am interested in portuguese food and don't mine a more expensive menu.
i would like to go to nandos in the south
can you give me the exact address?
no thank you. i also need a train to cambridge.
i am traveling from ely. the train should arrive by 19:00 and i would like to leave on friday.
yes, i'd like two tickets.
that should be everything for me. thank you so much for the help!
i'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food please.
no. just need it to be open on saturday.
which one would you suggest?
i'm looking for places to go in town. can you search in the area of south?
that sounds lovely. what's their phone number?
thank you. i am also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.
i'd like one near the museum in the south.
yes. i need a table for 8 at 11:00 on tuesday.
thank you, can i also get a taxi between the two places?
i'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.
thank you so much. you took care of everything. thanks. bye.
i need a place to eat? how about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?
yes british food
sure, can you reserve a table for friday for me?
12:45, friday. 7 people. reference number please.
perfect. i am also looking to stay at the finches bed and breakfast. can you tell me about it?
can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on friday?
yes, please. i'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
i need to arrive at the restaurant by 12:45. i also need the contact number and car type please.
thank you, that'll be all today.
i'm looking for a train schedule after 15:15, going to cambridge.
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 15:15
no, but i would like the booking made for two people.
yes, are there any italian restaurants in the center of town?
yes please. can you book it for saturday at 19:45 for 2 and get me a reference number?
yes, can you try for 18:45 instead?
thank you for your help!
that is all, thanks again.
i'm looking for a college in the centre of town.
thanks, could i please have their phone number and postcode?
great, thank you! i'm also in need of a place to stay. it needs to be in the south and i'd like it to have free wifi.
is the aylesbray lodge cheap?
i want to book the rosa's bed and breakfast. i have six people in my party.
we'll arrive on wednesday and we'll be staying for 2 nights.
can i have the reference number?
no, thanks. that takes care of all my questions.
can you tell me where the cambridge contemporary art gallery is located?
what is the phone number?
what is their entry fee?
i also want a place to stay which has a parking and has a star 4
i would like for it to include free parking. the area doesn't matter. what do you recommend?
okay thank you. can i have the postcode and phone number?
i would like a taxi to commute between the two places.
cambridge contemporary art gallery to acorn leaving at 21.15
thank you. that is all i need.
i'm looking for places to go, can you guide me?
i'd like to visit an attraction in the west. suggest something for me please.
that sounds great. what is their phone number and postcode?
yes, i am looking for information on the hamilton lodge.
yes, could you give me the address?
thank you, that is all i need today.
i am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi.
not necessarily, but i am looking for a 4-star hotel. does that narrow it down?
are you sure it is four stars? if so, could i also have the postcode please?
no thank you that is all!
i was wondering if you could help me with the train schedule.
i need to travel from stansted airport to cambridge on monday.
yes no later than 5:15 i have to be there by 20:20.
i am sorry i meant to leave after 15:15 so that will be fine.
can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i'm sorry, i don't actually need the tickets right now. can you find me a moderately priced 4 star hotel, though?
please book me a room for 4 the same day at a cheap one you recommend. thanks
no, as long as the hotel itself is a 4 star establishment i'm not too concerned about where it's located.
4 nights please starting on monday.
that is all thanks.
i am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in cambridge, please.
i don't care what part of town, just so that it has a 4 star rating.
the university arms hotel. can you book that for 5 nights please?
myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on wednesday.
i am also looking for the restaurant frankie and bennys, i need the phone number, price range, and postcode please.
that's all i needed, thanks so much for your help.
i am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the east side
is it expensive and does it have free parking?
okay, great! what's the address and postcode for that place?
can i have their phone number please?
no thank you. that's all i needed.
yes, i need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.
i need one in the moderate price range and a guesthouse would be great.
not really. is there one you would recommend for someone who was never been to cambridge before?
no, i would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
whats the entrance fee and post code.?
i need to find an expensive place to eat.
yes, i'm looking for seafood.
yes. can you book a table for 7 people on monday at 12:45?
lets try earlier around 11:45?
yes. i'll need a train departing from cambridge.
i would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 11:30.
i don't have a specific time i need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.
yes, please book this train. also, i will need a reference number.
thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.
can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food?
european, then.
moderately priced european food. i will also need the address and postcode.
if they are all moderately priced, i do not care. price is more important than location.
thank you goodbye.
i want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
i don't care
ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?
great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys?
thank you, goodbye.
i'm looking for a cheap hotel.
does it have a star of 4. i don't care if it has free parking.
actually, you mentioned its in the east. i really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 4-star rated. it can be a guesthouse or hotel.
yes. i'm travelling with my family, so i need a room for 7 people for 4 nights, arriving thursday.
can you see if they have just 2 nights available?
are you sure the alexander is in the centre? you said earlier that it's in the east.
please double check and make sure the booking is good.
that is all for today. thank you.
i am looking for an affordable spanish restaurant.
is it in the center? if so i'd like to book a table.
16:15 on monday for 7 people.
thanks so much for all of your help.
can you find me a train for monday going to cambridge?
train arrive by 09:15 depart from london liverpool street
not now. thanks for the information.
no thank you that is all i needed.
i need to get to peterborough. can you find me a train that gets there by 13:30?
i will depart from cambridge on wednesday.
please and i would appreciate it if you could give me the train id, departure time, and booking reference.
i will need three tickets please.
i would also like to find a museum in town.
no preference, what would you suggest?
yes, what is the postcode for the broughton house gallery?
can you book reservations for place to eat for me.
yes, i would like a moderately priced italian restaurant.
no that is all. thank you for helping me.
i'm looking for a place to stay on the east side that includes free parking.
i would like a hotel with 3 stars and with free wifi please.
how about the north part of town?
yes, please book it for one person for 4 nights starting friday.
just myself for 4 nights starting friday please.
can i please get the reference number and i also need to book a train for tuesday.
i am looking to leave cambridge after 11:15 and travel to broxbourne.
i'd like to leave on tuesday, and could you give me the travel time?
that will work for me. i don't want to book just yet, though. thanks for your help. good bye.
i'd like to find a guesthouse to stay.
i'm looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 3-star rating.
can i have the address for hamilton lodge?
yes, i'm not familiar with that address. what part of town is that in?
great, thanks for the information. that's all i need right now.
i need some help finding a place in centre to eat, can you look it up for me?
we would like to try a portuguese place. is there one available?
yes. please reserve for 2 people on tuesday at 15:15.
thank you. i would also like a train leaving on saturday going to kings lynn.
i am departing from cambridge.
yes please book 2 tickets.
i would like to leave after 20:45
there will be 2 people.
yes. i'd like to book that for two. could i get the reference number please?
thank for the help, goodbye!
i'm looking for train tickets, can you help with that?
i want to go to peterborough and depart from cambridge.
i'd like to leave thursday after 8:30 please.
what is the travel time?
are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the south that have free parking?
is there anything in the north?
yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from tuesday.
no thanks, that was all i needed. goodbye.
is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?
an expensive chinese restaurant please located in the north
yes, can you provide me the address of hakka?
i don't need a reservation right now, but i am looking for a train. i need to leave wednesday after 15:45.
i am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross.
yes that would be fine. thank you
that's all actually. thank you for the assistance.
hi, i need an expensive restaurant please.
i do not care the kind. please pick one and book it for 5 people at 15:30 on sunday.
yes, lets try 14:30 please.
thanks! could you also give me info on trains leaving after 16:45 from cambridge.
i need one for monday to go to birmingham new street.
that would be good, can i get tickets for 5 people?
thank you very much, lovely day to you.
no, i think that is all. bye.
howdy! i'm looking to visit some colleges in the city centre if there are any. preferably ones near food.
i am ok with either option. choose one you think i would enjoy and let me know the address and postcode.
that sounds fine. does it have actually street address?
ok. could you help me find an indian restaurant around there which serves indian food,
no preference for price range, but would like to have availability on saturday.
please book a table for 3 at 15:30 on saturday.
can i get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, i would like to arrive by the booked time of 15:30.
terrific, thanks and have a great day!
i'm looking for something to do in cambridge. i'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings around the city centre?
i'd like to take a look at some of the older churches, what are some of the entrance fees for those?
please give me their phone number. i also need a restaurant that serves north american food
thank you goodbye
oh, wait! if the gourmet burger kitchen is in the same area as the churches, could i get the phone number for that, too?
yes may i please have the address to gourmet burger kitchen and can you book reservations for 2 for 13:00
i'm sorry, i'm really distracted on this end. can you tell me the postcode of the gourmet burger kitchen? and what are their prices like?
ok, that's great. thank you.
no, i'm good. thanks for all your help!
looking for places to go in town. the attraction should be in the type of museum
how about centre?
yes, i also need the entrance fee and the number.
i also need to find a guesthouse in the moderate price range that is rated by 2 stars and will include free wifi.
rather than a guest house, do you have a hotel that meets those specifications?
how about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?
no i just need an address.
is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
no, get me their address instead.
no, that is all for today.
hi, i want to find an architecture attraction in the west please.
are there any museums in the west?
the folk museum sounds interesting. can i get the address and entrance fee?
yes - i'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. something moderately priced.
as long as it is in the north, and meets that criteria, sure.
hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting monday, please.
yes, i also need a taxi.
i want to leave the folk museum by 2:30 to go to the hotel. can you get me the contact number and car type?
thank you for the info on the taxi and helping me find one have a great day!
hi, can you help me find a college to visit?
i'm fine going anywhere in town. which one would you recommend?
okay, great. can i have the phone number and address please?
i also want to eat at an expensive indian place.
which restaurant do you recommend?
it can be in any part of town. i am just looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in an expensive price range. perhaps you can suggest one?
great. can you reserve a table for six?
in addition, i would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time of the reservation.
wednesday at 11:45 for the restaurant.
are you capable of emailing or faxing me the information for my own personal reference?
i am ready for the taxi now.
that is all, thank you
i need a train arriving in cambridge by 20:45.
i will be departing from stansted airport on wednesday.
the departing time is flexible, i just need to get to cambridge by 20:45 please and may i have the price as well?
yes. i am also looking for a place to stay.
i would like a three star hotel that is expensive.
ok, i need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on wednesday. can you tell me which of the two hotels are available then?
oh! great. thank you, that's all i need today.
hello there! i am looking for a restaurant that specializes in swedish food.
any
how about asian oriental?
do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental?
yes please and the phone number as well. thank you.
excellent. that is all i needed. have a good evening and thank you!
i need a train leaving friday that will arrive by 16:30
sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to cambridge
i need booking for eight people if there is room. if so, book it and send a reference number.
i need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the north please
i am indifferent to parking but free wifi is a necessity.
great, book me one of those for 8 people. we'll stay from friday for 5 nights. i'll need a reference number, please.
no, i appreciate your help!
i'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a moderate price range.
yes, please. reserve a spot for 1 at 16:00 on thursday.
thank you. i'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at stevenage.
i'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by 12:30
if nothing before 12:30 is there, what time are available?
yes i need to book for 1 please
thank you goodbye
goodbye and thank you again.
hello! i need a guesthouse to stay in, and i really need it to include free parking for my van. can you help?
yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 4 stars.
perfect! i'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. we'll be staying for 3 nights.
i'm looking for a place to go. are there any museums in town?
thanks, you've been extremely helpful. that's all i needed!
i am looking for a certain hotel. i think that it is called something like allenball
do you know if they offer free parking?
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the west
a museum sounds fun can i have the phone number and postcode for the one you recommend?
thanks, can you also book me a taxi?
to commute between both places, i want to leave the hotel at least by 21:45.
okay thank you, that's all i needed.
i am looking for somewhere to go in the centere of town.
oh churches! sometimes they are really beautiful inside. that sounds fun. do you know of any that might be good?
that sounds perfect. what is the postcode?
thanks. is there a british restaurant near the church i can eat at?
i would like it to be moderate.
that sounds great thanks so much.
yes. please make a booking for 3 people at 11:45 for thursday.
no, that will be all. thanks for your help!
i'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
i need a cheap one that has free wifi.
well i also would like free parking if that helps.
yes that one would be great. can you book for saturday?
i need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on saturday.
yes but one in the same price range.
no. that is all i need. thank you so much!
can you help me find some european food in cambridge?
expensive price range. please book it for 4 people at 18:15 on monday
yes i will definitely need that.
i also need a place to stay?
i do not care about the area but i would like it to be expensive.
yes, i would like it to have internet.
how about price range? the hotel should also be very expensive. i won't settle for less and neither will fi-fi.
that sounds perfect. let's book it.
4 people will be staying
i will be staying on monday.
that is all, thanks.
i'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.
either is fine, can you provide the address and phone number?
thank you good bye.
hello. can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves korean food? i need to know the address too.
and what is the postcode?
thank you. good bye
hello! i am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. any ideals ?
i need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.
the area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?
recommend any and find me its postcode
yes, i'm also looking for a chinese place in the south? do you know of anything?
i need the price to be the same as the hotel, so i need a cheap restaurant as well. are there any that fit this criteria?
i feel like chinese would be good.
i'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a museum if possible.
a museum located east side. can i get the postcode, phone number and is there an admission fee?
great, is that the free one? i also need someplace to eat in that same area.
i am open to any suggestion, but i am looking for a fancy expensive restaurant. what would you suggest?
sounds good. can you help me book at taxi from the restaurant to the museum?
yes, i just need to leave yu garden by 5:45.
thank you, that's all i need today.
hi there, i'm hungry. please help me find a cheap place that serves the americas food
what kind of food is offered in the centre?
ooh, mediterranean, please.
yes please book a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday
i am also looking for a train to cambridge.
which location is best?
actually, i need to depart from bishops stortford. i need to arrive by 12:30 on wednesday, please.
it depends on what the travel time is. do you have the travel time please?
ok great that will work. can you book it for me?
i need 4 tickets please.
thank you, that's all i need today.
i need some information on a train going to cambridge.
i want to leave on friday and go cambridge.
i'll be leaving from stevenage on friday after 15:15. how much will that cost?
no, that's fine, thank you. i'm also looking for a restaurant called the curry garden.
no thank you. i am also looking for a restaurant called curry garden.
thanks so much. you have been very helpful. that is all i'll be needing for today. bye.
i'm looking for information on a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.
can you book a table for 4 on tuesday at 17:30 for me? thanks!
thanks for handling that. one more thing. i want to explore town and see an attraction. i love theatre.
are there any near the restaurant by any chance?
i'd like to know if there's a swimming pool to go to in the center of cambridge?
please get me their address.
thank you appreciate the fast info. i am also looking for a guesthouse. can you help me book it?
i'd like a moderately priced hotel in the centre by the pool.
north sounds good.
yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.
you said the avalon..that sounds fine.
lastly, i will need a taxi from the avalon to to the parkside pools by 24:30.
no, thanks a bunch. that's all. goodbye
i need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
no preference on the area, but i would like it to be a guesthouse, please.
3 people for 5 nights from friday.
can i have the reference number please?
yes, i need a train on friday leaving from peterborough to cambridge.
yeah, could it leave after 21:30?
yes, could you please book it for 3 people?
i believe that is all i needed. thank you for your help!
i gotta eat. find me an expensive modern eclectic place please.
how about one that serve gastropub food?
the west would be perfect. i need a reservation for seven on sunday at 13:45, please.
thank you. i am also looking for a hotel that is expensive and has 4 stars. i need it to include free parking.
may i have the phone number please ?
thank you so very much.
no that would be all.
i am planning a trip in cambridge
i'd like to come by those high speed trains from leicester
my travel day is saturday. i'd like to arrive in cambridge by 20:30.
no, not right now. what is the travel time, please?
ok book for 1 please
i also need a hotel in the west and should be in the moderate price range.
the hotel should have a star of 3
yes, for 2 people for 3 nights.
on saturday please
awesome, thanks so much for your help! that is all i needed, have a good day.
i need help with the train schedule, please.
i would need a train leaving cambridge and arriving in peterborough on thursday at 15:45.
that would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?
before 15:45, yes for 6 people. please send me the reference number. i am also looking for a hotel called acorn guest house.
i also am looking for a particular hotel called acorn guest house
yes. i need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on sunday.
thank you for your help! how much was that booking at the acorn guesthouse?
thank you. can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?
thanks. that's all i need right now. goodbye.
hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?
no, thanks. are you sure you can't find 1 star hotels?
what about 4 star hotels?
no. i don't have a price preference.
that sounds great can you book it for 7 people? we're staying 3 nights and want to check in wednesday.
i need a train on the same day leaving cambridge
i am going to cambridge
no thank you that will be all
no that will be all.
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge.
yes please, for 5 nights starting sunday, there will be 8 people in my party.
great, thanks. i am also looking to book a train for this friday. i am hoping to leave after 08:45.
i'm headed to london liverpool street from cambridge.
possibly, what time does it arrive at london liverpool street?
what's the travel time on that trip?
thank you for your help, i'll pick up tickets at the station.
thank you, i think that is it, enjoy your day!
i haven't had german food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it
sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too.
is there one that serves italian food?
expensive price range and i need a table for 7 at 13:00 on thursday and the reference number.
yes i'm looking for a train to cambridge that same day.
i will be leaving from kings lynn.
i just need to arrive by 10:30.
the 9:11 one is cool. i need to book for 7 people. can i make sure to get the reference number?
thank you, thats all i needed.
you're welcome, goodbye!
can i get some information on a train?
i want to leave from cambridge after 08:30.
i will departing from cambridge and arriving in stansted airport. i need to find a train for monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.
hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? all day?
i would like an early train, yes. as close to 8:30 as possible. i need tickets for 7 people.
cool. now i will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi
i sure would. please book for the same number of people beginning on friday for 3 nights again, there are 7 of us.
no. i need it booked. please try again.
no thanks you've been great!
hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?
it's called the university arms hotel.
i'd like to book a few rooms for thursday. are there rooms available?
i need 3 nights starting on thursday. should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.
great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?
can you try entertainment ?
okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also i want a taxi to take me there. it should leave the hotel by 10:30. give me car type and contact number
ok, thank you. i will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.
no, but thanks for all your help! goodbye!
can you find me a hotel on the east side?
a 4 star establishment, if possible.
try a moderate price range.
i'll take warkworth house. i want to book it for 3 people and 3 nights on wednesday.
sure, either of the other 2 would be fine.
that is all i need. thank you for your help.
i am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is a guesthouse.
i would like to stay on the east side. can you also make sure the guesthouse has free wifi?
not particularly. could you let me know what the price range is for the five guesthouses?
what is the name of the cheaply priced guesthouse?
i guess any of them is good.
actually, there is no need to book for me. i can do that. but do you have any information on the museum of classical archaeology?
awesome, that's all i need.
have a great day.
can you help me find a church in cambridge? i think it's called holy trinity church.
ok. thanks. that works.
i am looking for a place to dine that is cheap and located in the city center.
chinese food. actually cantonese food.
i'm not interested in chinese. what about mediterranean?
yes. please book me a table for 8 at 13:30 on monday.
thank you that is all i needed today.
have a nice day.
i need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.
it really doesn't matter. i don't need internet. i just for sure want a 4 star place.
i think this is what i needed. thanks.
i need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on tuesday.
thank you! can you also get me a train going to cambridge that day?
i need some help finding an attraction. i have the name here.
the place is called peoples portraits exhibition at girton college. could i get the area, postcode, and address for this?
what can you tell me about this hotel, the bridge guest house?
sounds good i want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.
can you help me find an expensive restaurant please?
i feel like chinese
great! i need a table for 8 on friday evening.
how about at 18:45?
thank you! i'm also looking for a guesthouse that's cheap.
yes, the west area, please.
not right now, but could you give me their address and postcode? and do they have free parking?
thank you for all of your help
hi, could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
thanks! you are so nice. i need the guesthouses in the west. it doesn't matters if there is not free parking.
yes, that all sounds good. i would like to book it.
i just need the phone number and postcode from the hobsons.
thank you so much for all your help today. good bye.
i need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves indian food.
that would be wonderful, yes please.
please give me their address first.
i also will need a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.
i would like a train to leave after 10:30 on saturday.
no, i am just looking for a train that leaves after 10:30, as close to 10:30 as possible.
could you book that for 3 people please? i'd also like to get the reference number.
no thank you. that was all i needed.
hello there, please find me a restaurant on the west side that serves scandinavian food
how about indian cuisine then?
the price range doesn't matter but i would like to make a reservation at one you may recommend.
yes. that will do just fine. can you reserve me a table for 5 people on friday at 13:15 please?
yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on saturday?
i do need to get there by 08:30. can you tell me the travel time for that route?
no i don't nee it booked yet. thank you for all the help.
i am trying to book a train to broxbourne. can you help me?
i need to arrive by 15:00 on wednesday and depart from cambridge please.
yes - could you make a reservation for 3 people and provide me the reference number?
yes i am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a cheap price range.
excellent. that's all i need thanks.
actually, yes. can you give me the address and postcode for autumn house?
no, that will be all. thank you.
i'm looking for a very nice place to dine. something expensive.
not exactly. however i would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north.
great i also am looking for an attraction called club salsa.
yes i also will need the entrance fee for club salsa, and what type of attraction is that?
great, thank you! i also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. i want to leave by 11:30.
no, that's all i need, you've been a great help!
i am seeking a restaurant that serves british food in the centre.
i'd like a moderately priced one.
i would like the oak bistro.
yes, table for 2 at 13:30 on friday. if not available then tuesday. need reference number as well.
i'd also like a nightclub to go to in the same area as the restaurant.
yes can i get the phone number of one you'd recommend?
no, we are all set, thanks for making this trip easier.
can you help me find an attraction in the west part of town?
a park for kids or a mini mall ?
please get me the postcode. i am also looking for a place to stay. the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking.
is that a four star hotel?
what is their address and phone number?
perfect, that is all i need to today! thank you.
hi, i could use help with my planning. i am trying to find a place to stay.
i would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.
does either offer free parking?
okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday?
the hotel, please.
yes, i also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. i want to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.
that's perfect. could i get the train id and travel time?
great, that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food.
how about spanish or portuguese food?
i would like to try indian food in the north part of town.
i would like their phone number and address, please.
thank you goodbye
hi, could you help me find a train going to cambridge?
i am leaving from london kings cross after 14:15.
i would like to leave on friday
arrival time is not important. i just need to leave after 14:15. i will need the train id and the price, please.
thanks, it would be helpful if you also told me what time tr8842 leaves. anyhow, i just got paid. can you find me a high-end eatery serving european cuisine?
no thank you. i'll just need the address for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
i don't have a preference really, please recommend one.
no. i just need the address
i'm sorry, but i think you gave me the phone number. i need the address, please.
no, that's it. thank you.
what's a good mid price restaurant?
i would like catalan food.
how about spanish food?
could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?
thank you, goodbye
bye.
i am interested in the express by holiday inn - cambridge.
i want to book 3 nights there, please.
three days starting from saturday, for 6 people.
can you tell me a little bit of info on the cambridge corn exchange? it's supposed to be an attraction place or something.
what type of attraction is this? maybe i'll call them and find out the entrance fee.
thank you for your time!
i need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 4 star rating and includes free wifi.
i would like to stay in the north area and i have a moderate price range. do you think you can help me?
yes, i would like free parking.
that will be fine can i get the information for them please.
not yet, i'm also looking for a place to eat chinese food. i need it in the moderate price range as well.
i want one that serves chinese food, one that's in the same area as the acorn guesthouse.
i need the address please
yes, that's perfect. thanks for your help.
that's all i need, thanks so much for your help! have a great day!
yes i am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving cambridge.
yes, i'd like to leave on sunday.
i'll be going from cambridge to kings lynn, to visit my sister! haven't seen her in forever.
yes, for six people. i will need the reference number. thank you.
i will also need a place to stay. a guesthouse and it should include free wifi .
i don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.
sounds great, can you give me their phone number?
no. thanks for your help.
