i'm looking for an indian restaurant in the west end of cambridge.
i do not have a preference, so surprise me!
nice! i would like to make a reservation for 3 on thursday at 11:30.
can i also book a train please?
the train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 08:30.
no, just thursday is the day i need it.
that's perfect, though i don't want to book it just yet. can you give me the travel time, price, and train id please?
that's all i needed, thank you
hi, i need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.
i would like a guesthouse that has free parking.
yes can you tell me the address please?
not now, thanks. i do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 17:30.
departing from kings lynn on saturday
yes, book for 2 people. and i need the reference number too pleases.
i am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food.
i am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food.
i don't care.
i don't care
yes, and their address too.
what is the postcode?
no, that will be all. thank you and goodbye!
you, too.
i'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge on tuesday.
i will be traveling to leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.
i would like to arrive by 21:15.
yes but i need that to be booked for 3 people. i would like the reference number please. i also need a place to stay as well.
i would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.
great can you book that for me from sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.
yes that was all i needed thank you so much.
i am looking for college attractions in the centre.
great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of christ's college?
also want to find someplace to eat. want to be in the cheap price range and in the same area of town.
i was thinking more on the lines of afghan food. do you have any listings for that?
could you check fr mediterranean please?
i will need it for three, at noon, on thursday.
how about at 11:00?
no, thank you, that should be all.
i am looking for a place to stay. the hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
no, i don't. i just need free parking and 4 stars.
that sounds good. give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address
yes, could you tell me about your museums?
could you give me the postcode and phone number.
that is all i need, thank you!
