am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel
no i just need to make sure it's cheap oh and i need parking
yes please 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday
how about only 2 nights
no that will be all good bye
hello i have been robbed can you please help me get in touch with the police?
can i please have the postcode as well?
was parkside the address of the police station? if not can i have the address please?
thank you that will be all for now
you were great goodbye
hi i'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45 is there anything like that?
i am departing from birmingham new street
i would like to leave on wednesday
that will yes please make a booking for 5 people please
thanks so much i would also need a place to say i am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi
that sounds great could you make a booking for me please?
please book it for wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights please
thank you goodbye
i would like a taxi from saint john's college to pizza hut fen ditton
i want to leave after 17:15
thank you for all the help! i appreciate it
no i am all set have a nice day  bye
hi i'm looking for a hotel in the east  the internet is not needed
no but it should have free parking please
is that a guesthouse or a hotel? i'd really prefer a guesthouse
the price doesn't really matter i just need free parking it doesn't really need to have internet though
okay none of them don't offer free wifi? if not i'll need the address for one that does have wifi please tell me about your favorite
great can you help me with a train as well? i'm looking to come in from ely
i want to go from cambridge to ely no preference for time but i need to book for 8 people
i'm looking for wednesday  arrive by 11:30 for 8 people please
no i don't need anything else right now thank you for your assistance good bye
i am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit can you let me know some attractions i may be interested in?
i'd like something in the centre
could i get the address for it? i would also like an expensive place to eat around it
i'm in the mood for caribbean food
yes i also love turkish food is there something in the center that's expensive? also what type of attraction is all saints church?
can i have the phone number address and postcode for the restaurant please?
great that's all that i needed to know thank you!
i need to take a train out of cambridge i will be leaving town on wednesday
i'd like to go to peterborough and leave after 12:45 i have to attend a meeting beforehand
what is the price of the fair and could you tell me what is the arrival time into peterborough?
yes one ticket please can i also get the reference number?
i am also looking for a museum in centre could you give me the address postcode and phone number of one?
that's all i need right now thanks you have been very helpful!
i am looking for a particular restaurant it is called pizza hut city centre
that sounds like just the place! can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on thursday?
ok sounds good thank you
that is all thank you for your help!
please find me an expensive place to dine on the south side of town
how about chinese
yes that sounds good! book a table for 3 at 13:45 please
i'd like to make it for wednesday can you include the reference number?
i need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day
how about 1 nights
the area does not matter just the criteria i stated it will be starting wednesday
if you can book it for my group i need it for 3 nights starting on wednesday
hi i am currently planning to come to cambridge and i was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the centre  what would you suggest?
yes please book a table for 1 people at 19:15 on monday
yes i need a place to stay in the same part of town it must have free parking
i want a place with a 0 star rating
yes can you book the room for me?
do you have their phone numbers?
no thank you that was all i needed today
i would like to find a particular restaurant in cambridge the name of the restaurant is restaurant two two  could you give me the location?
that would be great i need it for 8 on friday
yes at  11:15 if that's not available i can do 10:15
thanks can you help me find a train too? i want to leave cambridge some time after 12:15
i need the train should go to peterborough and it should leave on saturday
that sounds fine can i get tickets for my whole group please?
thanks so much! that's all i needed for today
i am looking for kings hedges learner pool can you help me with that?
yes please i need the area and phone number
i also need to find a train out of here for saturday
i will be departing after 09:45 and going to peterborough
could you tell me the travel and arrival time of this train?
okay thank you so much for your help
no thank you that's all i needed
i'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food that's not too expensive or too cheap
great that would be perfect for me can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant?
actually i don't need booking i just need the postcode address and phone number
that is all i needed thank you goodbye
