The replacement died in a few weeks.
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.
Terrible management.
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.
Doesn't Work.
Does Not Work.
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.
useless phone, simply deaf.
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.
Nothing special.
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.
Once your food arrives it's meh.
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.
The real disappointment was our waiter.
Don't waste your time here.
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.
The battery is completely useless to me.
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.
The script is a big flawed mess.
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.
This place should honestly be blown up.
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!
The least said about the acting the better.
AN HOUR... seriously?
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
Waste of 13 bucks.
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.
Horrible!
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.
My gyro was basically lettuce only.
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.
It's just painful!
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.
So just beware.
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
Everything about this product is wrong.First
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.
I mean this in a terrible way.
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.
They do not care about the consumer one bit.
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).
Everything about it is just bad.
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.
How awful she is!
The battery runs down quickly.
I was VERY disappointed!!
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.
Would not go back.
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
The food wasn't good.
Will never, ever go back.
dont go here.
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.
Waitress was a little slow in service.
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.
Not easy to watch.
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.
I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.
This movie totally grates on my nerves.
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.
Sending it back.
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.
It just blew.
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.
A greasy, unhealthy meal.
The problem was the script.
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.
Do not make the same mistake as me.
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.
I bought two of them and neither will charge.
The item received was Counterfeit.
The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.
It will drive you barking mad!
I'm super pissd.
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.
What did bother me, was the slow service.
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.
The plug did not work very well.
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.
Customer service was terrible.
Not worth it.
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.
No plot whatsoever!
It didn't charge for me.
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.
Kind of flops around.
The result is a film that just don't look right.
The food was terrible.
Very bad Experience!
The construction of the headsets is poor.
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.
There was hardly any meat.
Don't bother coming here.
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.
The results, well, are a shame.
The manager was the worst.
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.
I could not recommend these more.
The service was poor and thats being nice.
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.
poor quality and service.
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.
I'm very disappointed with my decision.
Does not fit.
I never come again.
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
I've had better atmosphere.
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
Not good enough for the price.
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.
Overpriced for what you are getting.
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.
Very poor service.
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.
Not good for the money.
The ambiance isn't much better.
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.
- They never brought a salad we asked for.
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.
The story line is totally predictable.
Thoroughly disappointed!
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.
Not even good for camp value!
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.
After two I felt disgusting.
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.
We won't be going back anytime soon!
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
The soundtrack sucked.
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.
I probably would not go here again.
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.
Truly awful.
I never walked out of a movie faster.
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!
Avoid this film at all costs.
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.
Tasted like dirt.
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.
AMAZON SUCKS.
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
Not enough volume.
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
Soyo technology sucks.
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.
THAT one didn't work either.
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.
Service stinks here!
The service was extremely slow.
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.
The instruction manual is lacking.
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.
No buyers remorse on this one!.
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.
Service sucks.
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!
It doesn't make you look cool.
Wow, what a bad film.
Really bad.
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.
Awful service.
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.
Dont waste your money...
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.
The fried rice was dry as well.
The acting sucked.
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.
And then tragedy struck.
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.
Poor Talk Time Performance.
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.
wont work right or atleast for me.
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.
I wasn't the least bit interested.
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.
Of course, the acting is blah.
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
The acting was bad.
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!
Don't buy it.
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.
What a mistake.
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.
The film looks cheap and bland.
Wasted two hours.
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.
Buttons are too small.
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.
Not a good bargain.
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.
Worst Customer Service Ever.
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.
Horrible, horrible protector.
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.
That company is a joke.
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.
This short film certainly pulls no punches.
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.
very tough and very short on flavor!
This is not movie-making.
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.
The visual effects were AWFUL.
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
But I definitely would not eat here again.
I give it 2 thumbs down
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.
First of all, it doesn't wear well.
Long, whiny and pointless.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
Absolutel junk.
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.
This was like the final blow!
Food was really boring.
Also the story and acting were weak.
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.
Earbud piece breaks easily.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.
Don't do it!!!!
Everything stinks.
Omit watching this.
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.
No real improvement.
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.
This place is disgusting!
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
The service here is fair at best.
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.
It was way over fried.
That was done in the second movie.
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.
there is no real plot.
Sauce was tasteless.
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.
The only downside is the service.
Bad Quality.
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.
None of them are engaging or exciting.
disappointed.
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.
I probably won't be coming back here.
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.
Woa, talk about awful.
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.
Nothing new there.
Very little music or anything to speak of.
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.
Don't buy this product.
Just does not work.
Regrettably, the film fails.
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.
Didn't laugh or even smile once.
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.
What a waste.
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.
Spend your money and time some place else.
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!
Highly unrecommended.
We are sending it back.
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.
I won't be back.
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.
I was very disappointed in the movie.
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.
Waited and waited and waited.
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.
What a waste of money and time!.
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.
WORST PHONE EVER.
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.
The buttons for on and off are bad.
Disapointing Results.
Sprint charges for this service.
I wouldn't return.
But I don't like it.
The dialogue sucked.
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.
A bit predictable.
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.
Battery lasts only a few hours.
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.
Very Displeased.
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.
Awful.
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?
However I needed some better instructions.
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.
Poor quality.
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.
Poor product.
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!
Unreliable - I'm giving up.
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.
Poor Reliability.
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS
Stay Away From the Q!.
Worst Thai ever.
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.
Food was below average.
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.
Then, there's the plot holes.
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.
Crust is not good.
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.
Rating: 1 out of 10.
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.
Very Dissapointing Performance.
The selection of food was not the best.
Worst martini ever!
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.
Piece of Junk.
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.
The directing seems too pretentious.
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.
This movie is BAD.
Waste of money.
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
It's just lame.
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.
Avoid at all cost!
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.
So bad...well...it's just bad.
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.
Won't go back.
This is definitely one of the bad ones.
It was pretty gross!
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.
We'll never go again.
I'd like to return it.
Terrible phone holder.
Glad I didn't pay to see it.
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
The live music on Fridays totally blows.
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.
Would not recommend to others.
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.
Pretty piece of junk.
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.
Terrible service!
Everything about this movie is stupid.
This is infuriating.
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.
The acting is beyond abysmal.
Hated it.
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !
I was so insulted.
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.
camera color balance is AWFUL.
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.
And it was boring.
This film has no redeeming features.
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.
Bad Reception.
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!
Thank you for wasting my money.
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
Basically the service was very bad.
I paid too much.
did not like at all.
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.
The service was not up to par, either.
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.
But then they came back cold.
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.
Food quality has been horrible.
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.
The service was meh.
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
The turkey and roast beef were bland.
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.
Bad Purchase.
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.
Never again will I be dining at this place!
This one just fails to create any real suspense.
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.
I just wanted to leave.
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.
I hate movies like that.
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.
They refuse to refund or replace.
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.
I only hear garbage for audio.
But it's just not funny.
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)
We won't be returning.
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.
Battery has no life.
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!
Filmiing was less expansive.
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.
This one is simply a disappointment.
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.
I've never been treated so bad.
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.
Will not be back.
It was a waste of my money.
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.
The worst one of the series.
But the service was beyond bad.
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
It was not good.
The service was terrible though.
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.
All in all, a great disappointment.
This place lacked style!!
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.
first time there and might just be the last.
I took back my money and got outta there.
So bad.
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
For service, I give them no stars.
They work about 2 weeks then break.
Very disappointing.
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.
Weird vibe from owners.
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
It's AGGRAVATING!
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.
I couldn't take them seriously.
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.
Went for lunch - service was slow.
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.
I would not recommend this place.
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good
It was equally awful.
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
Couldn't figure it out
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.
Must have been an off night at this place.
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.
None of it works, just don't buy it.
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.
Doesn't do the job.
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.
Avoid at any and all costs.
Bad Choice.
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.
The Burrittos Blah!
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.
Appetite instantly gone.
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
Improper description.... I had to return it.
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.
Hell no will I go back
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.
Mediocre food.
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".
Lasted one day and then blew up.
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.
The service was a bit lacking.
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.
Freezes frequently4.
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.
Never going back.
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.
what a disappointment
Needless to say, I wasted my money.
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.
But now I was completely grossed out.
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.
Terrible product, and waste of money!
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".
Same problem as others have mentioned.
It was probably dirt.
the phone was unusable and was not new.
Waiter was a jerk.
I think not again
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement
It's not what it says it is.
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
It was horrible!.
Do not waste your time.
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.
Mic Doesn't work.
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
Don't buy this product - It fails!.
doesn't last long.
Worst ever.
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
The script is…was there a script?
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.
It was forced, like everything in this movie.
Everything is appalling.
Awkward to use and unreliable.
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.
Even worse than Ticker!
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.
How stupid is that?
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.
My rating: just 3 out of 10.
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.
I literally vomited while watching this film.
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.
This may be the only bad film he ever made.
very disappointed.
Total brunch fail.
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.
A Disappointment.
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.
I'm trying to return it for a refund.
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.
Just don't know why they were so slow.
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.
It is shameful.
I will not be eating there again.
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.
bad fit, way too big.
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.
The warm beer didn't help.
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.
And none of the tones is acceptable.
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.
stay away from this store, be careful.
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"
Was not happy.
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.
Low Quality.
Piece of trash.
I would not recommend this place.
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!
Food was average at best.
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
This place deserves no stars.
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.
The lighting is awful.
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.
Poor Construction.
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.
What the hell kind of crap is that?!
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.
don't waste your money and time.
Not recommended.
The movie is terribly boring in places.
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.
Very much disappointed with this company.
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.
Yes, it's that bad.
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.
Don't buy this product.
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.
I cannot make calls at certain places.
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.
I want my money back.
NOT WHAT I WANTED.
Worst customer service.
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.
Plug was the wrong size.
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.
Phone falls out easily.
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
Last time buying from you.
If you are reading this please don't go there.
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
Does not fit.
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.
The character developments also lacked in depth.
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.
I waited and waited.
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.
The ear buds only play music in one ear.
Poorly contstruct hinge.
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.
BT50 battery junk!.
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.
Never got it!!!!!
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.
& That movie was bad.
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.
Disappointing experience.
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.
Boy was that sucker dry!!.
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.
The pleather case doesn't fit.
Service was slow and not attentive.
I was mortified.
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.
One of the worst shows of all time.
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.
I'll even say it again – this is torture.
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.
Soggy and not good.
The RI style calamari was a joke.
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.
I found this product to be waaay too big.
Not impressed.
Horrible phone.
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.
Item Does Not Match Picture.
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.
All three broke within two months of use.
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.
Will not be back!
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .
Doesn't hold charge.
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.
Very disappointing!!!
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.
This movie is terrible.
Don't bother - go to the store.
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.
worthless product.
I am sorry I made this purchase.
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
Disappointed with battery.
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...
Warning - Stay away.
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
It's very slow.
Why was this film made?
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.
-My order was not correct.
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.
Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.
Avoid this one if you can.
Lame would be the best way to describe it.
The worst was the salmon sashimi.
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
I had to purchase a different case.
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.
The kids play area is NASTY!
The story line is just awful!
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.
REALLY UGLY.
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.
I'm not eating here!
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.
Spend your money elsewhere.
horrible, had to switch 3 times.
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.
Too politically correct.
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)
Today the graphics are crap.
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.
Lots of holes in the script.
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.
Do not waste your money here!
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.
The concert sequences just sucked.
In short, don't bother with this movie.
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.
Were JERKS on the phone.
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.
Avoid at ALL costs!
Worst food/service I've had in a while.
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?
I'm a bit disappointed.
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.
Battery is terrible.
Cumbersome design.
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
Lousy product.
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
Exceptionally bad!
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.
Returned 8 hours later.
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.
The movie seemed a little slow at first.
This place is horrible and way overpriced.
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.
Then the film just dropped the ball.
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.
Reception is terrible and full of static.
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.
Painful on the ear.
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.
The dialogue is atrocious.
Could not get strong enough signal.
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!
It is not good.
It was horrendous.
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.
$50 Down the drain.
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.
There were too many close ups.
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.
As for the "mains," also uninspired.
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.
I probably won't be back, to be honest.
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.
Left very frustrated.
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.
In a word, it is embarrassing.
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.
Either way, it sucks.
The management is rude.
Really awful.
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.
Poor sound quality.
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.
The kids are annoying.
You get what you pay for I guess.
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.
Again, no plot at all.
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.
I was not impressed by this product.
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.
The desserts were a bit strange.
Everything was gross.
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
I thought it was bad.
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.
The film is way too long.
Again, lame.
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.
We won't be going back.
This is a disgrace.
disappointing.
I would not recommend this item to anyone.
don't waste your money.
The lead man is charisma-free.
it was a drive to get there.
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.
Con: spotty service.
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.
He was terrible!
the presentation of the food was awful.
I don't like this Nokia either.
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!
very slow at seating even with reservation.
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.
There is nothing authentic about this place.
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
Dee Snider just plain sucks.
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.
Unfortunately, it was not good.
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.
The budget was evidently very limited.
Talk about USELESS customer service.
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
Would not reccommend.
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
It is zillion times away from reality.
Having trouble with volume.
Over rated.
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.
Please dont waste your money.
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.
The battery life is highly unacceptable.
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.
Very disappointing.
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.
Not as good as I had hoped.
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.
And the drinks are WEAK, people!
Now this is a movie I really dislike.
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.
Generally; it just lacked imagination.
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.
What happened next was pretty....off putting.
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?
Which are small and not worth the price.
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.
This was a flick doomed from its conception.
I consider this theft.
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.
It felt too light and "tinny.".
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
It was packed!!
It also had a new problem.
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.
We will not be coming back.
Disappointed!.
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.
The script is horrendously stupid.
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!
It was just too horrible.
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.
Avoid, avoid, avoid!
DELETE this film from your mind!
Camerawork - again, bad.
The story is beyond stupid.
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.
Sprint - terrible customer service.
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.
The commercials are the most misleading.
Not recommended.
Used and dirty.
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.
I will not return.
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.
I was not happy with this item.
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
The directing is sloppy at best.
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.
) Don't waste your time.
The food was terrible.
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!
I Was Hoping for More.
What a big waste of time.
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.
Its not user friendly.
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
A truly, truly bad film.
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.
Nothing at all to recommend.
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!
The poor actors.
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
Unfortunately it did not work.
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
Design Flaw?.
Its reception is very very poor.
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.
Cant get the software to work with my computer.
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.
What this film lacks is a convincing script.
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
I would have given no star if I was able.
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.
Avoid at all costs.
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.
It was so BORING!
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
I won't be back.
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.
Excellent starter wireless headset.
And it was way to expensive.
Won't ever go here again.
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.
Buy a different phone - but not this.
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.
say bye bye to your tip lady!
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!
You can find better movies at youtube.
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.
What a waste of time!
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.
Not my thing.
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.
Defective crap.
Don't waste your money!.
What a mistake that was!
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.
They dropped more than the ball.
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!
dont buy it.
Very, very sad.
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...
poor voice clarity.
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.
Even the squibs look awful.
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.
Probably not in a hurry to go back.
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.
I'm returning them.
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.
I came out of it feeling angry.
