Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!
They have a really nice atmosphere.
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .
Comfortable in my hand.
The battery works great!
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.
Nice solid keyboard.
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!
The design is very good.4.
Battery charge-life is quite long.
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.
Really good product.
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.
Waitress was sweet and funny.
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.
The cast is always entertaining as usual.
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.
Great choice!
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.
Great Product.
This movie has a cutting edge to it.
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.
2 thumbs up to this seller
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.
This is a stunning movie.
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.
Linked to my phone without effort.
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.
Great pork sandwich.
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.
All of the main players are mesmerising.
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.
They know how to make them here.
Definitely worth checking out.
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.
This is a great deal.
Also makes it easier to hold on to.
Definitely worth checking out.
SWEETEST PHONE!!!
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.
Great for iPODs too.
We'd definitely go back here again.
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.
I had a pretty satifying experience.
Product is exactly as described.
Timely shipment and quality product.
- Really, really good rice, all the time.
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!
2 Thumbs Up!!
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?
Seriously killer hot chai latte.
Krussel Always good.
I advise you to look out for it.
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.
She's poised and amazing.
Good transmit audio.
As for the service, I thought it was good.
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!
Great for the jawbone.
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.
Will order from them again!
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.
Sooooo good!!
This fixes all the problems.
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.
We loved the biscuits!!!
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.
I just saw this film and I recommend it.
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.
Yet, I enjoy watching it.
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.
The shrimp tender and moist.
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.
I liked it.
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended
Everyone is treated equally special.
It's worth driving up from Tucson!
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.
If you're not familiar, check it out.
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!
Great food.
The case is great and works fine with the 680.
A pretty good product.
Wow very spicy but delicious.
The delivery was on time.
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.
It is an insane game.
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.
THey are so cool!
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.
So they performed.
Great price, too!
I'm pleased.
This is a great phone!.
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.
Magical Help.
The Macarons here are insanely good.
Great phone!.
Now I know that I made a wise decision.
Waste your money on this game.
You won't regret it!
Service was very prompt.
Plan on ordering from them again and again.
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.
The fries were great too.
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.
You'll love how thin it is.
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.
;) Recommend with confidence!
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.
Great Earpiece.
I LOVED it!
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.
Nice, spicy and tender.
A great way to finish a great.
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.
Excellent dual-purpose headset.
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.
will definitely be back!
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.
This is a great little item.
It was absolutely amazing.
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!
Excellent hands free tool.
Very pleased with this headset.
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.
Very good food, great atmosphere.1
The cast is good.
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.
Great product for the price!.
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.
There is a lot of beautiful places.
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.
Great bluetooth!.
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
Everything was fresh and delicious!
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.
Happy so far!.
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.
cool phone.
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.
Works for me.
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.
The bartender was also nice.
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.
Service is friendly and inviting.
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.
Great Phone.
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.
They really want to make your experience a good one.
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.
Their chow mein is so good!
Everything was good and tasty!
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.
Service is also cute.
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.
Works as described.
Great Value.
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.
Good show, Samsung.
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.
An absolute must visit!
All the bread is made in-house!
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.
These are fabulous!
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.
This is the number one best TH game in the series.
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.
Excellent product for the price.
Really pleased with this product so far.
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!
This game rocks.
Their steaks are 100% recommended!
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.
Works good.
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.
Nice Sound.
Hitchcock is a great director.
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.
I gave it a 10
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.
For that, it's worth checking out.
I got it because it was so small and adorable.
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.
the cast was great.
Fantastic food!
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.
Would recommend this item.
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.
After one bite, I was hooked.
Good product - incredible value.
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.
The waitress and manager are so friendly.
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.
It looks very nice.
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.
Excellent Phone.
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.
VERY funny!
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.
Very good stuff for the price.
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.
And I just love the colors!
It was also the right balance of war and love.
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.
Does everything it should and more.
Love this headset!
Will go back next trip out.
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.
It is very comfortable on the ear.
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.
This movie is also revealing.
Service was fantastic.
this place is good.
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.
Razr Battery - Good buy.
It is a true classic.
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.
Conclusion - I loved it.
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.
This device is great in several situations:1.)
I did not expect this to be so good!
Great sound and service.
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.
See both films if you can.
I especially love the long battery life.
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.
Worked great!.
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.
No complaints!
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.
Beautiful styling though.
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.
There are some generally great things in it.
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.
Very friendly staff.
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.
This is a beautiful phone.
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.
An excellent performance from Ms.
This movie is so awesome!
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.
Check it out.
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
For the price this was a great deal.
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).
It is a joy to use.
IT'S REALLY EASY.
Pretty awesome place.
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.
I would recommend it.
It was awesome.
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.
You won't be disappointed.
is pretty funny.
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.
10/10
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.
Great for using with your home stereo.
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
Best tater tots in the southwest.
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.
Service was good and the company was better!
Everything about this film is simply incredible.
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.
I'll definitely be in soon again.
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.
It is a really good show to watch.
Perfect for the PS3.
The rest of the cast also play well.
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;
Overall, I like there food and the service.
Reversible plug works great.
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!
So Far So Good!.
I enjoyed it.
but it is great, i would really recommend it
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.
Service is quick and friendly.
It's a sad movie, but very good.
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.
We are so glad we found this place.
I received it quickly and it works great!!
Nice docking station for home or work.
The mic is great.
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.
The sound quality is excellent as well.
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.
There is a brilliant twist ending.
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.
I love this device.
great...no problems at all!.
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.
Simply beautiful.
It definitely was not as good as my S11.
Very satisifed with that.
VERY comfortable.
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!
Raw and sublimely moving.
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!
I love this bluetooth!
Good case!.
I really liked that.
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.
Food was so gooodd.
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.
The block was amazing.
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.
Love it.. Great armband.
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.
Excellent wallet type phone case.
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.
Definitely a bargain.
So far it has worked like a charm.
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.
Great charger.
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.
Just what I wanted.
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!
I love this place.
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.
I would recommend this.
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!
The food, amazing.
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.
Great food and awesome service!
How awesome is that.
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.
We loved the place.
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.
This case seems well made.
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.
This place was such a nice surprise!
Simple, lightweight and great fit.
The music in the film is really nice too.
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.
Don't miss it.
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.
You can't beat that.
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.
You wont regret it!
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.
See it.
I am very happy
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!
New Battery works great in phone.
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.
The transfers are very good.
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!
Nice ambiance.
It has kept up very well.
Five star Plus, plus.
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.
Both great!
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.
I don't think you will be disappointed.
OMG, the food was delicioso!
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.
My friend loved the salmon tartar.
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Good Quality.
Highly recommended A+
The best phone in market :).
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.
Penne vodka excellent!
Excellent product.
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.
Price is good too.
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.
The shipping time was also very quick!
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.
I liked this movie way too much.
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.
Made very sturdy.
best bluetooth on the market.
This place is two thumbs up....way up.
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.
I really enjoyed eating here.
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.
Food was great and so was the serivce!
I can say that the desserts were yummy.
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?
Extremely Tasty!
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.
I was seated immediately.
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.
The food was very good.
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.
Barney is definitely super DE duper.
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.
I love all the features and form factor.
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..
Predictable, but not a bad watch.
Overall, a great experience.
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.
Babie Bop is very cute.
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.
All in all I think it was a good investment.
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.
Good value, great food, great service.
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!
I hope this place sticks around.
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.
It has all the features I want
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.
But this movie really got to me.
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.
Ray Charles is legendary.
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.
Go To Place for Gyros.
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.
Exactly what I wanted.
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.
Brilliance indeed.
Better than you'd expect.
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.
They have great dinners.
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.
Excellent performance.
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.
The noise shield is incrediable.
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.
This is high adventure at its best.
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.
I *heart* this place.
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !
His performance is simply genius.
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.
Great audio!.
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.
Jawbone Era is awesome too!
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).
Omelets are to die for!
Excellent short film.
Excellent!.
I would highly recommend this product.
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.
It is worth the drive.
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.
I rather enjoyed it.
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
Highly recommended.
Gets the job done.
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.
I love this thing!
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.
Excellent cast, story line, performances.
Battery life is also great!
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.
Great software for Motorolas.
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.
And I really did find them funny.
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.
I have recommended it to friends.
Incredible!.
Love the margaritas, too!
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.
The aerial scenes were well-done.
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.
A standout scene.
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!
A great touch.
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.
WORTHWHILE.
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.
This is a GREAT place to eat!
It Was So Cool.
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.
A good film by a great director!
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.
It was a great phone.
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.
It even has its sweet moments.
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!
I loved it, it was really scary.
Pretty good beer selection too.
Its a total package.
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.
Best headset ever!!!.
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.
He deserves 5 stars.
Very good lunch spot.
Great product and price.
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.
Best tacos in town by far!!
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.
I keep watching it over and over.
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.
Great service and food.
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.
Food arrived quickly!
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.
Food was delicious!
Best fish I've ever had in my life!
Good food , good service .
Those burgers were amazing.
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.
"You'll love it!
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.
Very very fun chef.
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.
WELL IM SATISFIED.
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.
This is a great deal.
(It works!)
Eclectic selection.
I will be back many times soon.
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!
Voice recognition is tremendous!
Overall, I like this place a lot.
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!
Keep up the good work Amazon!!
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cant say enough good things about this place.
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.
- the food is rich so order accordingly.
Good price.
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
Damn good steak.
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.
Easy to use.
I would highly recommend this.
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.
Portable and it works.
He's a national treasure.
We were promptly greeted and seated.
This phone works great.
The ambiance was incredible.
Great Phone.
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.
Best breakfast buffet!!!
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
This is such a fun and funny movie.
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.
And service was super friendly.
Protects the phone on all sides.
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.
The staff was very attentive.
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.
Great brunch spot.
It does everything the description said it would.
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.
Great Hands Free Device.
And the sound quality is great.
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
Awesome selection of beer.
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.
You won't forget this movie!
Great price also!
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.
I sat riveted to the TV screen.
It's a great item.
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
If you want a real scare rent this one!
DELICIOUS!!
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!
The food is good.
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.
Everything was perfect the night we were in.
Superb Phone on a Great Network.
Excellent bluetooth headset.
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.
The reception is excellent!
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.
Works well.
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.
I'm still infatuated with this phone.
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.
I am also very happy with the price.
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.
It was quite comfortable in the ear.
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.
What I really like there is the crepe station.
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.
Go watch it!
10 out of 10 stars.
I'd love to go back.
Her role was played well.
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.
The food came out at a good pace.
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.
We definately enjoyed ourselves.
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.
All things considered, a job very well done.
Brilliant!
It worked very well.
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.
Totally believable.
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.
Clear crisp sound.
Think of the film being like a dream.
Very good quality though
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.
It really created a unique feeling though.
Wow... Loved this place.
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.
Works great!.
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.
Excellent product for the price.
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.
Very happy with this product.
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!
There still are good actors around!
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.
A film not easily forgotten.
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.
Those phones are working just fine now.
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.
The reception has been generally good.
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
Very wind-resistant.
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.
The food was excellent and service was very good.
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.
Works fine.
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!
This PDA rocks.
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.
Nice design and quality.
Looks great and is strong."
Good product, good seller.
I highly recommend this case.
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).
This film offers many delights and surprises.
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.
awesome device.
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!
Go rent it.
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.
Nice headset priced right.
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.
Good prices.
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.
Worked perfectly!
That was funny.
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.
Highly entertaining at all angles.
My headset works just peachy-keen.
I love this place.
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!
So absolutley fantastic.
Works great!.
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.
Works great.
This is a good joint.
I would recommend saving room for this!
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.
The waitresses are very friendly.
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.
) some great music, and terrific scenery.
Waitress was good though!
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.
I promise they won't disappoint.
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!
Great phone.
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.
Never had anything to complain about here.
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.
It has been a winner for us.
This is an extraordinary film.
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.
Give this one a look.
This battery is an excellent bargain!
Works great.
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!
I great reception all the time.
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.
Great Pizza and Salads!
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.
Owner's are really great people.!
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.
A great film by a great director.
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.
The camera really likes her in this movie.
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.
Better Than New.
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.
I'm so happy to be here!!!"
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!
This one works and was priced right.
Battery life is real good.
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.
These were so good we ordered them twice.
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.
Meredith M was better than all right.
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!
This place has it!
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.
Generous portions and great taste.
This place is amazing!
Will be back again!
A good time!
very good product, well made.
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!
Crisp and Clear.
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.
It deserves strong love.
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.
I will never forget it now.
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.
Nargile - I think you are great.
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!
Up there with the best of Melville.
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.
The price is reasonable and the service is great.
Awsome Device Works Great!!.
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.
The portion was huge!
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.
This is actually a very smart movie.
Battery is holding up well.
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.
Very good, though!
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.
W810i is just SUPERB.
It looked like a wonderful story.
Overall, a delight!
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.
The phone loads super!
Very easy to use.
Great movie!
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.
The atmosphere here is fun.
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).
Has been working great.
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.
10/10
And those baby owls were adorable.
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.
fast service.
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.
GO AND SEE IT!
Comfort for our whole family.
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.
Very prompt service.
We would recommend these to others.
Love this product.
nice leather.
Good , works fine.
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).
I love this phone!.
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
It was delicious!!!
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
Ample portions and good prices.
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The patio seating was very comfortable.
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.
It is simple to use and I like it.
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.
That was nice.
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.
Reasonably priced also!
I love their fries and their beans.
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.
But I thought his acting was skilled.
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.
I am glad I purchased it.
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!
This is an excellent film.
Good audio quality.
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.
lightweight and works well.
It was so funny.
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.
!I definitly recommend!!
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.
Bacon is hella salty.
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.
definitely will come back here again.
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.
much better than the hard plastic cases.
They were golden-crispy and delicious.
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.
Great case and price!
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.
Good case, Excellent value.
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.
The food is very good for your typical bar food.
One of my favorite purchases ever.
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.
Blue Ant is easy to use.
Fantastic service here.
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.
I am more than happy with this product.
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.
Pretty cool I would say.
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.
Interesting decor.
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.
Fantastic earphones.
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.
Great product.
Also great directing and photography.
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.
The pizza selections are good.
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!
It's pretty easy.
Great phone.
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.
Its the best headset I have used.
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.
Def coming back to bowl next time
Now this dish was quite flavourful.
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.
I can't wait to go back.
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.
Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.
good item, low price.
I highly recommend this device to everyone!
Awesome service and food.
The reception through this headset is excellent.
It was just not a fun experience.
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.
My sister has one also and she loves it.
Setup went very smoothly.
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.
Iam very pleased with my purchase.
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.
Restored my phone to like new performance.
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.
Thank you for such great service.
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.
Excellent sound quality.
Lange had become a great actress.
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.
I rate this movie 9/10.
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
Worth every penny.
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.
Ambience is perfect.
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.
Always a pleasure dealing with him.
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
Good Service-check!
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.
" I love it.
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!
She carries the movie well.
Great product, fast shipping!.
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.
This is just a great movie.
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!
Nice case, feels good in your hands.
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.
They were excellent.
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.
Very good phone.
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.
Better than expected.
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.
The kids are very cool too.
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
Absolutely great.
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.
What a great double cheeseburger!
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.
Great phone!.
great headset, very impressed - H500.
Love This Phone.
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.
Great place fo take out or eat in.
I had strawberry tea, which was good.
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.
You can't beat the price on these.
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.
